rt @mitchellvii: trump always ends up being right.   it's almost a little freaky. rt @mitchellvii: exactly as i said - house intel chair: we cannot rule out sr.  obama officials were involved in trump surveillance  day for healthcare.  working hard! today on #nationalagday, we honor our great american farmers & ranchers.  their hard work & dedication are ingrained…  to sign s. 442 today.  with this legislation, we support @nasa's scientists, engineers, and astronauts in the…  the @housegop conference this morning at the u. s.  capitol.   #passthebill #maga🇺🇸…  you louisville, kentucky.  together, we will make america safe and great again!   you louisville, kentucky- on my way!  #maga🇺🇸  eric & lara.  very proud and happy for the two of you!   about all of the contact with the clinton c and the russians?  also, is it true that the dnc would not let the fbi in to look? just heard fake news cnn is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a way off disaster.  much higher ratings at foxthe real story that congress, the fbi and all others should be looking into is the leaking of classified information.  must find leaker now! the democrats made up and pushed the russian story as an excuse for running a terrible c big advantage in electoral college & lost! james clapper and others stated that there is no evidence potus colluded with russia.  this story is fake news and everyone knows it! #icymi: weekly address ➡️  sums of money to nato & the united states must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to germany! despite what you have heard from the fake news, i had a great meeting with german chancellor angela merkel.  nevertheless, germany owes. . great meeting with the @republicanstudy committee this morning at the @whitehouse!   president changed.  so has small businesses' confidence korea is behaving very badly.  they have been playing the united states for years.  china has done little to help! rt @foxandfriends: fox news alert: jihadis using religious visa to enter us, experts warn via @foxfriendsfirst  @foxandfriends: video: rep.  scalise — gop agrees on over 85 percent of health care bill  @americafirstpol: major impact: @potus trump is 50 days in and moving swiftly to get america back on the right track.  #maga  @foxnews: jobs created in february.   lá fheile phadraig to all of my great irish friends! rt @diamondandsilk: when the president says you're fired     that means: pack yo stuff and go, not say you refuse to go!   #draintheswam…my representatives had a great meeting w/ the hispanic chamber of commerce at the wh today.  look forward to tremendous growth & future mtgs! great progress on healthcare.  improvements being made - republicans coming together! rt @ushcc: ushcc was delighted to host @ivankatrump for a roundtable discussion w/ hispanic women biz owners today in washington #ushcclegi…an honor to welcome the taoiseach of ireland, @endakennytd to the @whitehouse today with @vp pence.  🇺🇸🇮🇪  budget that puts #americafirst must make safety its no.  1 priority—without safety there can be no prosperity:  you nashville, tennessee!   nashville, tennessee!  lets make america great again!   you andrew jackson!  #potus7 #usa🇺🇸  will be interviewed by @tuckercarlson tonight at 9:00 p. m.  on @foxnews.  enjoy! ceo's most optimistic since 2009.  it will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut! looking forward to a big rally in nashville, tennessee, tonight.  big crowd of great people expected.  will be fun! will be going to detroit, michigan love, today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to state & u. s.  already happening! can you imagine what the outcry would be if @snoopdogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at president obama?  jail time! does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, went to his mailbox and found my tax returns?  @nbcnews  fake news! great optimism in america – and the results will be even better!   jobs, jobs!   w/ washington, d. c.  @mayorbowser and metro gm paul wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here…  to welcome our great cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting.  unfortunately 4 seats were empty because s…  listening session w/ @vp & @secpricemd.  watch:  #readthebill:…  is imploding.  it is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far!  republicans will come together and save the day. it is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives.  be nice, you will do much better! rt @americafirstpol: . @potus trump led a historic journey to the white house.  50 days in, that historic journey continues.  take a look 👉 ht…we are making great progress with healthcare.  obamacare is imploding and will only get worse.  republicans coming together to get job done! weekly address - 11:00 a. m.  at the @whitehouse!  #maga🇺🇸➡️  @drudge_report: great again:  +235,000  @foxandfriends: never give up. that's the worst thing you could do.  there's always a chance.  -kyle coddington's message to those als…honored to meet this years @senateyouth delegates w/ @vp pence in the east room of the @whitehouse.  congratulations…  consumer comfort just reached its highest level in a decade' ➡️  what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great.  we are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture! rt @foxnation: . @realdonaldtrump's first full month in office sees biggest jobs gain 'in years': report:  news.  we are only just beginning.  together, we are going to #maga!    with @repcummings today at the @whitehouse.  great discussion! linkedin workforce report: january and february were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since august and september 2015on international women's day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in america & around the world. i have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy. i feel sure that my friend @randpaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows obamacare is a disaster! don't let the fake news tell you that there is big infighting in the trump admin.  we are getting along great, and getting major things done! i am working on a new system where there will be competition in the drug industry.  pricing for the american people will come way down! don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 & 3 of healthcare rollout.  @foxandfriendsfor eight years russia ran over president obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off crimea and added missiles.  weak!  @foxandfriendsour wonderful new healthcare bill is now out for review and negotiation.  obamacare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast! 122 vicious prisoners, released by the obama administration from gitmo, have returned to the battlefield.  just another terrible decision! thank you to @exxonmobil for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing & construction jobs in the usa! buy american & hire american are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: jobs, jobs, jobs!  thank you @exxonmobil. there is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we're bringing back the jobs!   construction & manufacturing jobs in the u. s.  gulf coast region.  $20 billion investment.  we are already winning again, america! 'president trump congratulates exxon mobil for job-creating investment program' you for the great rallies all across the country.  tremendous support.  make america great again! who was it that secretly said to russian president, tell vladimir that after the election i'll have more flexibility?  @foxandfriendsis it true the dnc would not allow the fbi access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked?  can that be possible? arnold schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the apprentice, he was fired by his bad pathetic ratings, not by me.  sad end to great showhow low has president obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process.  this is nixon/watergate.  bad or sick guy! i'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that president obama was tapping my phones in october, just prior to election! is it legal for a sitting president to be wire tapping a race for president prior to an election?  turned down by court earlier.  a new low! just out: the same russian ambassador that met jeff sessions visited the obama white house 22 times, and 4 times last year alone. terrible!  just found out that obama had my wires tapped in trump tower just before the victory.  nothing found.  this is mccarthyism! the first meeting jeff sessions had with the russian amb was set up by the obama administration under education program for 100 ambsmake america great again!   hereby demand a second investigation, after schumer, of pelosi for her close ties to russia, and lying about it.   must fix our education system for our kids to make america great again.  wonderful day at saint andrew in orlando.   should start an immediate investigation into @senschumer and his ties to russia and putin.  a total hypocrite!   addressjoin me here:   is so pathetic that the dems have still not approved my full cabinet. nick adams new book, green card warrior, is a must read.  the merit-based system is the way to go.  canada, australia!  @foxandfriendsis all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information.  it is a total witch hunt! to win.  the democrats are overplaying their hand.  they lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality.  the real storyintentional.  this whole narrative is a way of saving face for democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed. . jeff sessions is an honest man.  he did not say anything wrong.  he could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not. since november 8th, election day, the stock market has posted $3. 2 trillion in gains and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high.  jobs! thank you! #jointsession #maga🇺🇸 me live at 9:00 p. m.  #jointaddress   will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 a. m.  enjoy! gop now viewed more favorably than dems, in trump era per nbc/wsj poll via @hotlinejosh: meeting with ceos of leading u. s.  health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the american peo…  dinner with governors tonight at white house.  much to be discussed, including healthcare. russia talk is fake news put out by the dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks! for first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad a bad one to help save its failing reputation.  try reporting accurately & fairly! the race for dnc chairman was, of course, totally rigged.  bernie's guy, like bernie himself, never had a chance.  clinton demanded perez! congratulations to thomas perez, who has just been named chairman of the dnc.  i could not be happier for him, or for the republican party! i will not be attending the white house correspondents' association dinner this year.  please wish everyone well and have a great evening! weekly address from @whitehouse:   optimism for future of u. s.  business, and jobs, with the dow having an 11th straight record close.  big tax & regulation cuts coming! the media has not reported that the national debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in obama first mo. maybe the millions of people who voted to make america great again should have their own rally.  it would be the biggest of them all! fake news media knowingly doesn't tell the truth.  a great danger to our country.  the failing @nytimes has become a joke.  likewise @cnn.  sad! trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking  to cpac! find the leakers within the fbi itself.  classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on u. s.  find nowthe fbi is totally unable to stop the national security leakers that have permeated our government for a long time.  they can't evenbig interview tonight by henry kravis at the business council of washington.  looking forward to it! seven people shot and killed yesterday in chicago.  what is going on there - totally out of control.  chicago needs help! 's& 500 edges higher after trump renews jobs pledge'  much enjoyed my tour of the smithsonian's national museum of african american history and culturea great job done by amazing people! one thing i will say about rep.  keith ellison, in his fight to lead the dnc, is that he was the one who predicted early that i would win! the so-called angry crowds in home districts of some republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists.  sad! 'americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities'  to our new national security advisor, general h. r.  mcmaster.  video:   named general h. r.  mcmaster national security advisor. happy presidents day - make america great again! give the public a break - the fake news media is trying to say that large scale immigration in sweden is working out just beautifully.  not! my statement as to what's happening in sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @foxnews concerning immigrants & sweden. will be having many meetings this weekend at the southern white house.  big 5:00 p. m.  speech in melbourne, florida.  a lot to talk about! don't believe the main stream fake news media. the white house is running very well.  i inherited a mess and am in the process of fixing it. looking forward to the florida rally tomorrow.  big crowd expected! one of the most effective press conferences i've ever seen!  says rush limbaugh.  many agree. yet fake media  calls it differently!  dishonestthe fake news media failing @nytimes, @nbcnews, @abc, @cbs, @cnn is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the american people! join me at 11:00am:watch here:   keith kellogg, who i have known for a long time, is very much in play for nsa - as are three others. thank you for all of the nice statements on the press conference yesterday.  rush limbaugh said one of greatest ever.  fake media not happy! going to charleston, south carolina, in order to spend time with boeing and talk jobs!  look forward to it. despite the long delays by the democrats in finally approving dr.  tom price, the repeal and replacement of obamacare is moving fast! 'trump signs bill undoing obama coal mining rule'  democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly 306, so they made up a story - russia.  fake news! fake news media, which makes up stories and sources, is far more effective than the discredited democrats - but they are fading fast! the spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers!  they will be caught! leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in washington for years.  failing @nytimes and others must apologize! stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades.  great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout! venezuela should allow leopoldo lopez, a political prisoner & husband of @liliantintori just met w/ @marcorubio o…  ceo: obamacare in 'death spiral' #repealandreplace  me in florida this saturday at 5pm for a rally at the orlando-melbourne international airport! tickets:…  to the united states, @israelipm benjamin & sara! #icymi🇺🇸🇮🇱joint press conference:   listening session with ceo's of the retail industry leaders association this morning!   real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by intelligence like candy.  very un-american! crimea was taken by russia during the obama administration.  was obama too soft on russia? thank you to eli lake of the bloomberg view - the nsa & fbishould not interfere in our politicsand is very serious situation for usainformation is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community nsa and fbi? . just like russiathis russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in hillary clinton's losing c fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred.  @msnbc & @cnn are unwatchable.  @foxandfriends is great! obamacare continues to fail.  humana to pull out in 2018.  will repeal, replace & save healthcare for all americans.   by president trump at signing of h. j.  resolution 41'  parent-teacher listening session this morning with @vp pence & @usedgov secretary @betsydevos.  watch:…  real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of washington?  will these leaks be happening as i deal on n. korea etc? congratulations to our new #vasecretary dr.  david shulkin.  time to take care of veterans who have fought to protect…  treasury secretary steven mnuchin!  #icymi- watch here:   meeting with canadian pm @justintrudeau and a group of leading ceo's & business women from canada🇨🇦and th…  to the @whitehouse prime minister @justintrudeau!   i will meet with canadian pm trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce.   leaving florida.  big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the fake news media refuses to mention.  very dishonest! congratulations stephen miller- on representing me this morning on the various sunday morning shows.  great job! i know mark cuban well.  he backed me big-time but i wasn't interested in taking all of his calls. he's not smart enough to run for president! after two days of very productive talks, prime minister abe is heading back to japan.  lwhile on fake news @cnn, bernie sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network.  they said technical difficulties! 72% of refugees admitted into u. s.  2/3 -2/11 during court breakdown are from 7 countries: syria, iraq, somalia, iran, sudan, libya & yementhe crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my c promise.  gang members, drug dealers & others are being removed! #icymi: joint statement with prime minister shinzo abe on north korea.   @scavino45: live joint statement by president trump and prime minister shinzo abe:  working dinner tonight with prime minister abe of japan, and his representatives, at the winter white house mar-a-lago.  very good talks! played golf today with prime minister abe of japan and @thebig_easy, ernie els, and had a great time.  japan is very well represented! i am so proud of my daughter ivanka.  to be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful! having a great time hosting prime minister shinzo abe in the united states!    and i are hosting japanese prime minister shinzo abe and mrs.  abe at mar-a-lago in palm beach, fla.  they are a wonderful couple! design or negotiations yet.  when i do, just like with the f-35 fighterjet or the air force one program, price will come way down! i am reading that the great border wall will cost more than the government originally thought, but i have not gotten involved in the. . our legal system is broken!  77% of refugees allowed into u. s.  since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries.  wt  so dangerous! heading to joint base andrews on #marineone with prime minister shinzō earlier today.   failing @nytimes does major fake news china story saying mr. xi has not spoken to mr.  trump since nov. 14.  we spoke at length yesterday! lawfare: remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this the statute.  a disgraceful decision! see you in court, the security of our nation is at stake! join us live in the oval office for the swearing in of our new attorney general, @senatorsessions! live:…  died on a winning mission  according to general mattis, not a failure.  time for the u. s.  to get smart and start winning again! long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place.  our hero. . sen.  mccain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media.  only emboldens the enemy!  he's been losing so. chris cuomo, in his interview with sen.  blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave service in vietnam.  fake news! sen. richard blumenthal, who never fought in vietnam when he said for years he had major lie,now misrepresents what judge gorsuch told him? congratulations to our new attorney general, @senatorsessions!   administration seen as more truthful than news media' in leading eu nations support trump-style travel ban' poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries ban is one of trump's most popular orders so far'  you brian krzanich, ceo of @intel.  a great investment $7 billion in american innovation and jobs! …  increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be easy d! '16 fake news stories reporters have run since trump won'  daughter ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @nordstrom.  she is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing!  terrible! thank you to our great police chiefs & sheriffs for your leadership & service.  you have a true friend in the…  will be speaking at 9:00 a. m.  today to police chiefs and sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision. if the u. s.  does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled.  politics! it is a disgrace that my full cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country.  obstruction by democrats! an honor having the national sheriffs' assoc.  join me at the @whitehouse.  incredible men & women who protect & serv…  don't know putin, have no deals in russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet obama can make a deal with iran, #1 in terror, no problem! the threat from radical islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in europe and the middle-east.  courts must act fast! the failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win.  now they are worse! an extended interview from the super bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 p. m.  enjoy!   failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me.  they have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories & sources! i call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it.  some fake news media, in order to marginalize, lies! any negative polls are fake news, just like the cnn, abc, nbc polls in the election.  sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting. what an amazing comeback and win by the patriots.  tom brady, bob kraft and coach b are total winners.  wow! enjoy the #superbowl and then we continue: make america great again! i have instructed homeland security to check people coming into our country very carefully.  the courts are making the job very difficult! just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril.  if something happens blame him and court system.  people pouring in.  bad! the judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart.  bad people are very happy! interview with @oreillyfactor on fox network - 4:00 p. m.  prior to super bowl.  enjoy! why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the federal court decision in boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision? because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country.  a terrible decisionwhat is our country coming to when a judge can halt a homeland security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into u. s. ? make america great again! after being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the fake news @nytimes is still lost! the opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned! interesting that certain middle-eastern countries agree with the ban.  they know if certain people are allowed in it's death & destruction! when a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in & out, especially for reasons of safety & - big trouble! countries charge u. s.  companies taxes or tariffs while the u. s.  charges them nothing or little. we should charge them same as they charge us! we must keep evil out of our country! a new radical islamic terrorist has just attacked in louvre museum in paris.  tourists were locked down.  france on edge again.  get smart u. s. professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to make america great again! meeting with biggest business leaders this morning.  good jobs are coming back to u. s. , health care and tax bills are being crafted now! thank you to prime minister of australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that fake news media lied about.  very nice! iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how kind president obama was to them.  not me! yes, arnold schwarzenegger did a really bad job as governor of california and even worse on the apprenticebut at least he tried hard! thank you, @samsung!  we would love to have you!   was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the u. s.  came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the iran deal: $150 billioniran has been formally put on notice for firing a ballistic missile. should have been thankful for the terrible deal the u. s.  made with them! attending chief ryan owens' dignified transfer yesterday with my daughter ivanka was my great honor.  to a great and brave man - thank you! congratulations to rex tillerson on being sworn in as our new secretary of state.  he will be a star! if u. c.  berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - no federal funds? do you believe it?  the obama administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from australia.  why?  i will study this dumb deal! iran is rapidly taking over more and more of iraq even after the u. s.  has squandered three trillion dollars there.  obvious long ago! everybody is arguing whether or not it is a ban.  call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people with bad intentions out of country! hope you like my nomination of judge neil gorsuch for the united states supreme court.  he is a good and brilliant man, respected by all. join me live from the @whitehouse.  ready to deliver a very important decision!   8:00 p. m. when will the democrats give us our attorney general and rest of cabinet!  they should be ashamed of themselves!  no wonder d. c.  doesn't work! nancy pelosi and fake tears chuck schumer held a rally  at the steps of the supreme court and mic did not work a mess-just like dem party! the democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons.  they have nothing going but to obstruct.  now have an obama a. g. the american dream is back.  we’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many, ma…  was all the outrage from democrats and the opposition party the media when our jobs were fleeing our country? i have made my decision on who i will nominate for the united states supreme court.  it will be announced live on tuesday at 8:00 p. m.  w. h. if the ban were announced with a one week notice, the bad would rush into our country during that week.  a lot of bad dudes out there! there is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country.  this was a big part of my c study the world! protesters and the tears of senator schumer.  secretary kelly said that all is going well with very few problems.  make america safe again! only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning.  big problems at airports were caused by delta computer outage,. . i will be interviewed by @thebrodyfile on @cbnnews tonight at 11pm.  enjoy! statement regarding recent executive order concerning extreme vetting:  should focus their energies on isis, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start world war iii. the joint statement of former presidential candidates john mccain & lindsey graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration.  the twochristians in the middle-east have been executed in large numbers.  we cannot allow this horror to continue! our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, now.  look what is happening all over europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess! somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the fake news and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity! today, we remember the crew of the space shuttle challenger, 31 years later.  #neverforget  subscribers and readers. they got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will.  dishonestthr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its. . the failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning.  said i would lose the primaries, then the general election.  fake news! i promise that our administration will always have your back.  we will always be with you!   secretary mattis!   on international holocaust remembrance day:  mike pence will be speaking at today's #marchforlife -- you have our full support!   #marchforlife is so important.  to all of you marching --- you have my full support! mexico has taken advantage of the u. s.  for long enough.  massive trade deficits & little help on the very weak border must change, now! look forward to seeing final results of votestand.  gregg phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal.  we must do better! miami-dade mayor drops sanctuary policy.  right decision.  strong!   be interviewed by @seanhannity on @foxnews at 10:00pm tonight.  enjoy! spoke at the congressional @gop retreat in philadelphia, pa.  this afternoon w/ @vp, @senatemajldr, @speakerryan.  th…  jobs and companies lost.  if mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting. the u. s.  has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with mexico.  it has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of nafta with massive numbersungrateful traitor chelsea manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling president obama a weak leader.  terrible! interview with david muir of @abc news in 10 minutes.  enjoy! @romoabcnews: . @davidmuir first @potus interview since taking office.   tonight on @abcworldnews @abc2020 tonight.   your president, i have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the american people.   today, the united states of america gets back control of its borders.  full speech from today @dhsgov:…  will be interviewed by @davidmuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @abc.  will be my first interview from the white house. …  will be making my supreme court pick on thursday of next week. thank you! even, those registered to vote who are dead and many for a long time.  depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures! i will be asking for a major investigation into voter fraud, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and. big day planned on national security tomorrow.  among many other things, we will build the wall! if chicago doesn't fix the horrible carnage going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings up 24% from 2016, i will send in the feds! congratulations to @foxnews for being number one in inauguration ratings.  they were many times higher than fake news @cnn - public is smart! great meeting with ford ceo mark fields and general motors ceo mary barra at the @whitehouse today.   orders to move forward with the construction of the keystone xl and dakota access pipelines in the oval off…  meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @whitehouse this morning.  together, we will #maga!   photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall.  thank you abbas!   be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in america.  i want new plants to be built here for cars sold here! busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security.  top executives coming in at 9:00 a. m.  to talk manufacturing in america. peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy.  even if i don't always agree, i recognize the rights of people to express their views. wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago! watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election!  why didn't these people vote?  celebs hurt cause badly. had a great meeting at cia headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to wall, long standing ovations, amazing people.  win! rt @whitehouse: do not allow anyone to tell you that it cannot be done.  no challenge can match the heart and fight and spirit of america. …a fantastic day and evening in washington d. c. thank you to @foxnews and so many other news outlets for the great reviews of the speech! thank you for another wonderful evening in washington, d. c.  together, we will make america great again🇺🇸  all americans🇺🇸 to all americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain is time to remember that will follow two simple rules: buy american & hire american! #inaugurationday #maga🇺🇸we will bring back our jobs.  we will bring back our borders.  we will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams! the forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer.  from this moment on, it’s going to be #americafirst🇺🇸january 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again. what truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people. power from washington, d. c.  and giving it back to you, the american people.  #inaugurationdaytoday we are not merely transferring power from one administration to another, or from one party to another – but we are transferringit all begins today!  i will see you at 11:00 a. m.  for the swearing-in.  the movement continues - the work begins! thank you for a wonderful evening in washington, d. c.  #inauguration  you for joining us at the lincoln memorial tonight- a very special evening!  together, we are going to make am…  me at 4pm over at the lincoln memorial with my family! #inauguration2017  concert at 4:00 p. m.  today at lincoln memorial.  enjoy! on my way!  #inauguration2017  american people.  i have no doubt that we will, together, make america great again! getting ready to leave for washington, d. c.  the journey begins and i will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for. . it wasn't donald trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!  stated today by reverend franklin graham. thank you to our amazing wounded warriors for their service.  it was an honor to be with them tonight in d. c. …  seeing @theleegreenwood  and kimberly at this evenings vp dinner!  #godblesstheusa  forward to a speedy recovery for george and barbara bush, both hospitalized.  thank you for your wonderful letter! writing my inaugural address at the winter white house, mar-a-lago, three weeks ago.  looking forward to friday. …  was great last night in d. c.  playing for 147 diplomats and ambassadors from countries around the world.  thanks alabama! no wonder the today show on biased @nbc is doing so badly compared to its glorious past.  little credibility! bayer ag has pledged to add u. s.  jobs and investments after meeting with president-elect donald trump, the latest in a string @wsjto the u. s. , but had nothing to do with trump, is more fake news.  ask top ceo's of those companies for real facts.  came back because of me! totally biased @nbcnews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from ford, g. m. , lockheed & others that jobs are coming backwill be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - enjoy! rt @erictrump: thank you to @golfdigest for this incredible feature!  golfer-in-chief @realdonaldtrump   @moskowitzeva: . @betsydevos has the talent, commitment, and leadership capacity to revitalize our public schools and deliver the promise…thank you to general motors and walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the u. s. ! how trump won--and how the media missed it  it would be hypocritical to attend bush's swearing-in. he doesn't believe bush is the true elected president.  sound familiar!  wpjohn lewis said about my inauguration, it will be the first one that i've missed.  wrong or lie!  he boycotted bush 43 also because hecountry and with the massive cost reductions i have negotiated on military purchases and more, i believe the people are seeing big stuff. with all of the jobs i am bringing back into the u. s.  even before taking office, with all of the new auto plants coming back into our. . the same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls.  they are rigged just like before. people are pouring into washington in record numbers.  bikers for trump are on their way.  it will be a great thursday, friday and saturday! @drgoodspine: @realdonaldtrump @ivanka trump is great, a woman with real character and class. at 9:00 p. m.  @cnn, of all places, is doing a special report on my daughter, ivanka.  considering it is cnn, can't imagine it will be great! @levisteveholt: @realdonaldtrump i appreciate your use of twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency.  very dishonest media! celebrate martin luther king day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for.  honor him for being the great man that he was! much worse - just look at syria red line, crimea, ukraine and the build-up of russian nukes.  not good!  was this the leaker of fake news? . @foxnews outgoing cia chief, john brennan, blasts pres-elect trump on russia threat.  does not fully understand.  oh really, couldn't do. @nbcnews is bad but saturday night live is the worst of nbc.  not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job.  really bad television! about thatthose intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, & when people make mistakes, they should apologize.  media should also apologizethank you to bob woodward who said, that is a garbage documentit never should have been presentedtrump's right to be upset angryfor many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting.  many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep.  it will change! ! ! ! will only get higher.  car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again.  win! the democrats are most angry that so many obama democrats voted for me.  with all of the jobs i am bringing back to our nation, that number. . inauguration day is turning out to be even bigger than expected.  january 20th, washington d. c.  have fun! congressman john lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the u. s.  i can use all the help i can get! intelligence insiders now claim the trump dossier is a complete fraud!   @oannmention crime infested rather than falsely complaining about the election results.  all talk, talk, talk - no action or results.  sad! congressman john lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart not toa beautiful funeral today for a real nyc hero, detective steven mcdonald.  our law enforcement community has my complete and total support. the unaffordable care act will soon be history! have been allowed to run - guilty as hell.  they were very nice to her.  she lost because she c in the wrong states - no enthusiasm! what are hillary clinton's people complaining about with respect to the f. b. i.  based on the information they had she should never. . released by intelligence even knowing there is no proof, and never will be.  my people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days! totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both democrats and republicans - fake news!  russia says nothing exists.  probablyit now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued. all of my cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job.  i want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine! congrats to the senate for taking the first step to #repealobamacare- now it's onto the house! . @cnn is in a total meltdown with their fake news because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone! thank you to linda bean of l. l. bean for your great support and courage.  people will support you even more now.  buy l. l. bean.  @lbperfectmainejames clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated.  made up, phony facts. too bad! @zhu_amy3: @realdonaldtrump it's morning in america again! ! !   ☀️☀️☀️thank you president-elect donald trump! ! !  so proud of you! ! ! !  thanks! we had a great news conference at trump tower today.  a couple of fake news organizations were there but the people truly get what's going onintelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to leak into the public.  one last shot at me. are we living in nazi germany? i win an election easily, a great movement is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with fake news.  a sorry state! russia has never tried to use leverage over me.  i have nothing to do with russia - no deals, no loans, no nothing! russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is a complete and total fabrication, utter nonsense.  very unfair! 'buzzfeed runs unverifiable trump-russia claims' #fakenews  @michaelcohen212: i have never been to prague in my life.  #fakenews  news - a total political witch hunt! 'trump helps lift small business confidence to 12-yr.  high'  business optimism soars after trump election'  small-business optimism index surges by most since 1980' you to all of the men and women who protect & serve our communities 24/7/365!  #lawenforcementappreciationday…  old picture with nancy and ronald reagan.   said last week that it will expand in michigan and u. s.  instead of building a billion dollar plant in mexico.  thank you ford & fiat c! it's finally happening - fiat chrysler just announced plans to invest $1billion in michigan and ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs.  this aftergroveling when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad.  just more very dishonest media! hillary flunky who lost big.  for the 100th time, i never mocked a disabled reporter would never do that but simply showed him. meryl streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the golden globes.  she is a. . rupert murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer! dishonest media says mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly.  media is fake! before i, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to @nbcnews.  so serious! rt @meetthepress: watch our interview with @kellyannepolls: russia did not succeed in attempts to sway election  #…kellyanne conway went to @meetthepress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd.  dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes.  terrible! @foxnews: we certainly don’t want intelligence interfering with politics and we don’t want politics interfe…  welcome to president and mrs.  bush.    very nice! i look very much forward to meeting prime minister theresa may in washington in the spring.  britain, a longtime u. s.  ally, is very special! congratulation to jane timken on her major upset victory in becoming the ohio republican party chair.  jane is a loyal trump supporter & starboth countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the world! have enough problems around the world without yet another one.  when i am president, russia will respect us far more than they do now and. having a good relationship with russia is a good thing, not a bad thing.  only stupid people, or fools, would think that it is bad!  we. . only reason the hacking of the poorly defended dnc is discussed is that the loss by the dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed! intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results.  voting machines not touched! gross negligence by the democratic national committee allowed hacking to take place. the republican national committee had strong defense! happy birthday @erictrump!  the terrible situation in florida.  just spoke to governor scott.  thoughts and prayers for all.  stay safe! i am asking the chairs of the house and senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with nbc prior to me seeing it. anna wintour came to my office at trump tower to ask me to meet with the editors of conde nast & steven newhouse, a friend.  will go this am. being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14.  now compare him to my season 1.  but who cares, he supported kasich & hillarywow, the ratings are in and arnold schwarzenegger got sw or destroyed by comparison to the ratings machine, djt.  so much for. hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to make america great again, will go to d. c.  on january 20th.  it will be a great show! and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute. they saw a movement like never beforehillary and the dems were never going to beat the passion of my voters.  they saw what was happening in the last two weeks before thethe dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the great wall for sake of speed, will be paid back by mexico later! so how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers?  what is going on? the democratic national committee would not allow the fbi to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by russiahow did nbc get an exclusive look into the top secret report he obama was presented?  who gave them this report and why?  politics! toyota motor said will build a new plant in baja, mexico, to build corolla cars for u. s.  no way!  build plant in u. s.  or pay big border tax. to make up their own minds as to the truth.  the media lies to make it look like i am against intelligence when in fact i am a big fan! the dishonest media likes saying that i am in agreement with julian assange - wrong.  i simply state what he states, it is for the people. time for republicans & democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive & far better! do the typical political thing and blame.  the fact is obamacare was a lie from the beginning. keep you doctor, keep your plan!  it is. the democrats, lead by head clown chuck schumer, know how bad obamacare is and what a mess they are in.  instead of working to fix it, they. . jackie evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her inauguration performance. some people just don't understand the movementmassive increases of obamacare will take place this year and dems are to blame for the mess.  it will fall of its own weight - be careful! like the 116% hike in arizona.  also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless.  don't let the schumer clowns out of this webrepublicans must be careful in that the dems own the failed obamacare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increasesthings they did and said like giving the questions to the debate to h.  a total double standard!  media, as usual, gave them a pass. somebody hacked the dnc but why did they not have hacking defense like the rnc has and why have they not responded to the terriblethank you to ford for scrapping a new plant in mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the u. s.  this is just the beginning - much more to follow@foxnews: julian assange on u. s.  media coverage: “it’s very dishonest. ” #hannity  more dishonest than anyone knowsjulian assange said a 14 year old could have hacked podesta - why was dnc so careless?  also said russians did not give him the info! the intelligence briefing on so-called russian hacking was delayed until friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case.  very strange! i will be having a general news conference on january eleventh in n. y. c.  thank you. trump is already delivering the jobs he promised america  should be no further releases from gitmo.  these are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield. instead of driving jobs and wealth away, america will become the world's great magnet for innovation & job creation.  ford to scrap mexico plant, invest in michigan due to trump policies be, their number one act and priority.  focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance!  #dtswith all that congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the independent ethics watchdog, as unfair as itthe democrat governor. of minnesota said the affordable care act obamacare is no longer affordable!  - and, it is lousy healthcare. people must remember that obamacare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases arizona.  bill clinton called it crazygeneral motors is sending mexican made model of chevy cruze to u. s.  car dealers-tax free across border.  make in u. s. a. or pay big border tax! china has been taking out massive amounts of money & wealth from the u. s.  in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with north korea.  nice! north korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the u. s.  it won't happen! i thought and felt i would win big, easily over the fabled 270 306.  when they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did i. various media outlets and pundits say that i thought i was going to lose the election.  wrong, it all came together in the last week and. . @cnn just released a book called unprecedented which explores the 2016 race & victory.  hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me! chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016.  if mayor can't do it he must ask for federal help! well, the new year begins.  we will, together, make america great again! rt @ivankatrump: 2016 has been one of the most eventful and exciting years of my life.  i wish you peace, joy, love and laughter.  happy new…rt @donaldjtrumpjr: happy new year everyone.  #newyear #family #vacation #familytime  @erictrump: 2016 was such an incredible year for our entire family!  my beautiful wife @laraleatrump made it even better!  🇺🇸🇺🇸  @reince: happy new year + god's blessings to you all.   looking forward to incredible things in 2017!   @realdonaldtrump will make america…rt @danscavino: on behalf of our next #potus & @teamtrump-#happynewyear america🇺🇸 all americans-#happynewyear & many blessings to you all!  looking forward to a wonderful & prosperous 2017 as we…  @realdonaldtrump: happy birthday @donaldjtrumpjr!  birthday @donaldjtrumpjr!  new year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do.  love! russians are playing @cnn and @nbcnews for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue!  @foxnews totally gets it! join @american32, founded by hall of fame legend @jimbrownnfl32 on 1/19/2017 in washington, d. c. …  move on delay by v.  putin - i always knew he was very smart! my administration will follow two simple rules:  say trump delivered hope'  anymore.  the beginning of the end was the horrible iran deal, and now this u. n. !  stay strong israel, january 20th is fast approaching! we cannot continue to let israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect.  they used to have a great friend in the u. s. , but. doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory president o statements and roadblocks. thought it was going to be a smooth transition - not! the u. s.  consumer confidence index for december surged nearly four points to 113. 7, the highest level in more than 15 years!  thanks donald! president obama c hard and personally in the very important swing states, and lost. the voters wanted to make america great again! the djt foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses.  100% of money goes to wonderful charities! i gave millions of dollars to djt foundation, raised or recieved millions more, all of which is given to charity, and media won't report! the world was gloomy before i won - there was no hope.  now the market is up nearly 10% and christmas spending is over a trillion dollars! the united nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time.  so sad! president obama said that he thinks he would have won against me.  he should say that but i say no way!  - jobs leaving, isis, ocare, etc. merry christmas and a very, very, very , very happy new year to everyone! #merrychristmas  #hanukkah  big loss yesterday for israel in the united nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace. too bad, but we will get it done anyway! . @nbcnews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.   dishonest! vladimir putin said today about hillary and dems: in my opinion, it is humiliating.  one must be able to lose with dignity.   so true! slaughter you.  this is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality.  such hatred!  when will the u. s. , and all countries, fight back? the terrorist who killed so many people in germany said just before crime, by god's will we will slaughter you pigs, i swear, we willas to the u. n. , things will be different after jan.  20th. my presidency.  isn't this a ridiculous shame?  he loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop.  wrong answer! my wonderful son, eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest withthe so-called a list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for hillary, nothing.  i want the people! based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the lockheed martin f-35, i have asked boeing to price-out a comparable f-18 super hornet! the united states must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukessomeone incorrectly stated that the phrase drain the sw was no longer being used by me.  actually, we will always be trying to dts. the resolution being considered at the united nations security council regarding israel should be vetoed. cont:  met some really great air force generals and navy admirals today, talking about airplane capability and pricing.  very impressive people! i have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that i spent far less money on the win than hillary on the loss! i would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would c differentlyc to win the electoral college is much more difficult & sophisticated than the popular vote.  hillary focused on the wrong states! yes, it is true - carlos slim, the great businessman from mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting.  we met, he is a great guy! especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states  and more.  they focused on wrong statesbill clinton stated that i called him after the election.  wrong, he called me with a very nice congratulations.  he doesn't know much @mike_pence: congratulations to @realdonaldtrump; officially elected president of the united states today by the electoral college! @franklin_graham: congratulations to president-elect @realdonaldtrump--the electoral votes are in and it's official.  thank you franklin! rt @danscavino: #trumptrain🚂💨🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  did it!  thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media. today there were terror attacks in turkey, switzerland and germany - and it is only getting worse.  the civilized world must change thinking! if my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned & called terrible names! we should tell china that we don't want the drone they stole back. - let them keep it! thank you alabama!  from now on, it’s going to be #americafirst.  our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase:…  @danscavino: join president-elect trump live from mobile, alabama via his #facebook page!  #thankyoutour2016 watch:  steals united states navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to china in unprecedented act. mobile, alabama today at 3:00 p. m.  last rally of the year - thank you alabama and the south biggest of all crowds expected, see you there! @eazymf_e: @realdonaldtrump many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president!  #makeamericagreatagain  thank you! last night in orlando, florida, was incredible - massive crowd - thank you florida!  today at 3:00 p. m.  i will be in alabama for last rally! thank you florida.  my administration will follow two simple rules: buy american and hire american!  #icymi- watch:…  tonight- orlando, florida tickets: tomorrow- mobile, alabamatickets:…  we all did it, together!  i hope the movement fans will go to d. c.  on jan 20th for the swearing in.  let's set the all time record! are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the dnc illegally gave hillary the questions to the debate? thank you pennsylvania!  together, we are going to make america great again!  watch here:   me in mobile, alabama on sat.  at 3pm!  #thankyoutour2016 tickets:   russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the white house wait so long to act?  why did they only complain after hillary lost? the media tries so hard to make my move to the white house, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't! thank you to time magazine and financial times for naming me person of the year - a great honor! has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @vanityfair magazine.  way down, big trouble, dead!  graydon carter, no talent, will be out! . @billgates and @jimbrownnfl32 in my trump tower office yesterday- two great guys!   you wisconsin!  my administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs, jobs, jobs!  watch:…  @danscavino: join #peotus trump & #vpeotus pence live in west allis, wisconsin!  #thankyoutour2016 #maga  me this saturday at ladd–peebles stadium in mobile, alabama!  #thankyoutour2016 tickets:…  thing i like best about rex tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments. wisconsin and pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states.  i actually picked up additional votes! i have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, rex tillerson, chairman and ceo of exxonmobil, to be secretary of state. i will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, cabinet picks and all other topics of interest.  busy times! presidency.  two of my children, don and eric, plus executives, will manage them.  no new deals will be done during my terms in office. even though i am not mandated by law to do so, i will be leaving my busineses before january 20th so that i can focus full time on thei will be making my announcement on the next secretary of state tomorrow morning. the final wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes.  the dems and green party can now rest.  scam! #thankyoutour2016 tue: west allis, wi.  thur: hershey, pa.  fri: orlando, fl.  sat: mobile, al.  tickets:…  f-35 program and cost is out of control.  billions of dollars can and will be saved on military and other purchases after january 20th. unless you catch hackers in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking.  why wasn't this brought up before election? can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and we tried to play the russia/cia card.  it would be called conspiracy theory! just watched @nbcnightlynews - so biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point.  just can't get much worse, although @cnn is right up there! will be interviewed on @foxnews at 10:00 p. m.  enjoy! whether i choose him or not for state- rex tillerson, the chairman & ceo of exxonmobil, is a world class player and dealmaker.  stay tuned! i spent friday c with john kennedy, of the great state of louisiana, for the u. s. senate.  the election is over - john won! being at the army - navy game was fantastic.  there is nothing like the spirit in that stadium.  a wonderful experience, and congrats to army! i will be interviewed today on fox news sunday with chris wallace at 10:00 eastern network.  enjoy! rt @foxnewssunday: sunday-- our exclusive interview with president-elect @realdonaldtrump watch on @foxnews at 2p/10p et check your local…october 2015 - thanks chris wallace @foxnewssunday!   @trumpinaugural: counting down the days until the swearing in of @realdonaldtrump & @mike_pence.  check in here for the latest updates.  #…a very interesting read.  unfortunately, so much is true.  by @cnn that i will be working on the apprentice during my presidency, even part time, are ridiculous & untrue - fake news! as a show of support for our armed forces, i will be going to the army-navy game today.  looking forward to it, should be fun! i have nothing to do with the apprentice except for fact that i conceived it with mark b & have a big stake in it.  will devote zero time! . @rudygiuliani, one of the finest people i know and a former great mayor of n. y. c. , just took himself out of consideration for state. thank you michigan.  we are going to bring back your jobs & together, we will make america great again! watch:…  you louisiana!  get out & vote for john kennedy tomorrow.  electing kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal…  me live in louisiana!  tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls & send john kennedy to the u. s.  senate.   you iowa! #thankyoutour2016  me tomorrow!  #maga 10am- baton rouge, la.  tickets: 7pm- grand rapids, mi. tickets:  my way to des moines, iowa- will see you soon with @mike_pence.  join us!  tickets:  #thankyoutour2016today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in john glenn.  he was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers.  he will be missed. if united steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in indiana.  spend more time working-less time talking.  reduce dueschuck jones, who is president of united steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers.  no wonder companies flee country! join me tomorrow in des moines, iowa with vice president-elect @mike_pence - at 7:00pm! #thankyoutour2016 #maga…  pause today to remember the 2,403 american heroes who selflessly gave their lives at pearl harbor 75 years ago will be interviewed on the @todayshow at 7:30.  enjoy! a great night in fayetteville, north carolina.  thank you!  #icymi watch here:   new york with general james 'mad dog' mattis for tonight's rally in fayetteville, north carolina!  see you…  said he would never do this had we trump not won the election! masa softbank of japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the u. s.  toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs. join me tonight in fayetteville, north carolina at 7pm!  #thankyoutour2016 tickets:   is building a brand new 747 air force one for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion.  cancel order! #thankyoutour2016 12/6- north carolina12/8- iowa12/9- michiga…  the press would cover me accurately & honorably, i would have far less reason to tweet.  sadly, i don't know if that will ever happen! i am thrilled to nominate dr.  @realbencarson as our next secretary of the us dept.  of housing and urban development…  country the u. s.  doesn't tax them or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the south china sea?   i don't think so! did china ask us if it was ok to devalue their currency making it hard for our companies to compete, heavily tax our products going into@foxnews will be re-running objectified: donald trump, the ratings hit produced by the great harvey levin of tmz, at 8:00 p. m.  enjoy! the green party just dropped its recount suit in pennsylvania and is losing votes in wisconsin recount.  just a stein scam to raise money! expensive mistake!  the united states is open for businessthese companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged.  please be forewarned prior to making a very wanting to sell their product, cars, a. c.  units etc. , back across the border.  this tax will make leaving financially difficult, but. . without retribution or consequence, is wrong!  there will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the u. s.   the u. s.  is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,just tried watching saturday night live - unwatchable!  totally biased, not funny and the baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse.  sadour great vpe, @mike_pence, is in louisiana c for john kennedy for us senate.  john will be a tremendous help to us in washington. state treasurer john kennedy is my choice for us senator from louisiana.  early voting today; election next saturday. @tigerwoods: can’t wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys.  –tw #heroworldchallenge great to have you back tiger - special! rexnord of indiana is moving to mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers.  this is happening all over our country.  no more! interesting how the u. s.  sells taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but i should not accept a congratulatory call. the president of taiwan called me today to wish me congratulations on winning the presidency.  thank you! thank you ohio!  together, we made history – and now, the real work begins.  america will start winning again! …  to u. s.  bank arena in cincinnati, ohio for a 7pm rally.  join me!  tickets:  ready to leave for the great state of indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of carrier a. c. my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the southeastern united states.  stay safe! look forward to going to indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of carrier.  they will sell many air conditioners! 'donald trump is already helping the working class'  @danscavino: great interview on @foxandfriends by @stevedoocy w/ carrier employee- who has a message for #peotus @realdonaldtrump & #vpe…'president-elect donald j.  trump today announced his intent to nominate steven mnuchin, wilbur ross & todd ricketts…  me in cincinnati, ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm.  i am grateful for all of your support.  thank you! tickets:…  legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations.  the presidency is a far more important task! do this under the law, i feel it is visually important, as president,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses. . great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to make america great again!  while i am not mandated to . i will be holding a major news conference in new york city with my children on december 15 to discuss the fact that i will be leaving my isis is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at ohio state university by a somali refugee who should not have been in our country. big day on thursday for indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state. we will keep our companies and jobs in the u. s.  thanks carrieri will be going to indiana on thursday to make a major announcement concerning carrier a. c.  staying in indianapolis.  great deal for workers! 'president-elect donald j.  trump nominates elaine chao as secretary of the department of transportation' donald j.  trump intends to nominate congressman tom price and seema verma. '  @danscavino: back to cincinnati, ohio this thursday 12/1/16 at 7pm for #peotus @realdonaldtrump's #thankyoutour2016!  join us!  thoughts and prayers are with the great people of tennessee during these terrible wildfires.  stay safe! nobody should be allowed to burn the american flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail! i thought that @cnn would get better after they failed so badly in their support of hillary clinton however, since election, they are worse! the great state of michigan was just certified as a trump win giving all of our make america great again supporters another victory - 306! . @cnn is so embarrassed by their total  100% support of hillary clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do. @sdcritic:  @highonhillcrest @jeffzeleny @cnn there is no question that #voterfraud did take place, and in favor of #corrupthillary ! @fiiibuster: @jeffzeleny pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that donald trump did not suffer from voter fraud, shame!  bad reporter. @joebowman12: @jeffzeleny just another generic cnn part time wannabe journalist !   @cnn still doesn't get it.  they will never learn! @highonhillcrest: @jeffzeleny what proof do u have donaldtrump did not suffer from millions of fraud votes?  journalist?  do your job!  @cnnjust met with general petraeus--was very impressed! if cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the cuban people, the cuban/american people and the u. s.  as a whole, i will terminate deal. serious voter fraud in virginia, new h and california - so why isn't the media reporting on this?  serious bias - big problem! states instead of the 15 states that i visited.  i would have won even more easily and convincingly but smaller states are forgotten! it would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the electoral college in that i would only c in 3 or 4--in addition to winning the electoral college in a landslide, i won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegallytrump is going to be our president.  we owe him an open mind and the chance to lead.  so much time and money will be spent - same result!  sadthis election.  that is a direct threat to our democracy.  she then said, we have to accept the results and look to the future, donald --of position.  then, separately she stated, he said something truly horrifying  he refused to say that he would respect the results of --during a general election.  i, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --and fair elections.  we've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -hillary's debate answer on delay: that is horrifying.  that is not the way our democracy works.  been around for 240 years.  we've had free --hillary clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in.  nothing will changethe democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted.  not so anymore! the green party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated & demoralized demsfidel castro is dead! i am working hard, even on thanksgiving, trying to get carrier a. c.  company to stay in the u. s.  indiana.  making progress - will know soon! happy thanksgiving to everyone.  we will, together, make america great again! let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead.  happy th…  crash in tennessee so sad & so terrible.  condolences to all family members and loved ones.  these beautiful children will be remembered! i am seriously considering dr.  ben carson as the head of hud.  i've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people! the meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today.  look forward to it! 'jeff sessions, a fitting selection for attorney general' donald j.  trump's cia director garners praise'  meetings will take place today at trump tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years. the failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high.  i can fully understand that - but why announce? perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes.  in the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone! i cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment.  not nicemany people would like to see @nigel_farage represent great britain as their ambassador to the united states.  he would do a great job! prior to the election it was well known that i have interests in properties all over the world. only the crooked media makes this a big deal! . @transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days.   have always had a good relationship with chuck schumer.  he is far smarter than harry r and has the ability to get things done.  good news! general james mad dog mattis, who is being considered for secretary of defense, was very impressive yesterday.  a true general's general! i watched parts of @nbcsnl saturday night live last night.  it is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all.  equal time for us? numerous patriots will be coming to bedminster today as i continue to fill out the various positions necessary to make america great again! the cast and producers of hamilton, which i hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to mike pence for their terrible behaviorthe theater must always be a safe and special place. the cast of hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, mike pence.  apologize! our wonderful future v. p.  mike pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of hamilton, cameras blazing. this should not happen! the only bad thing about winning the presidency is that i did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on trump u.  too bad! i settled the trump university lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as president i have to focus on our country. will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to make america great again! i worked hard with bill ford to keep the lincoln plant in kentucky.  i owed it to the great state of kentucky for their confidence in me! just got a call from my friend bill ford, chairman of ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the lincoln plant in kentucky - no mexicomy transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today.  #magaaustralia, new zealand, and more.  i am always available to them.  @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me. i have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said.  russia, u. k. , china, saudi arabia, japan,the failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition.  it is going so smoothly.  also, i have spoken to many foreign leaders. i am not trying to get top level security clearance for my children.  this was a typically false news story. very organized process taking place as i decide on cabinet and many other positions.  i am the only one who knows who the finalists are! the electoral college is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play.  c is much different! if the election were based on total popular vote i would have c in  n. y.  florida and california and won even bigger and more easilythe debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus our great supporters, gave us the win! i will be interviewed on @60minutes tonight after the nfl game - 7:00 p. m.  enjoy! the @nytimes states today that djt believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons.  how dishonest are they.  i never said this! governor john kasich of the great, great, great state of ohio called to congratulate me on the win.  the people of ohio were incredible! jeb bush, george w and george h. w.  all called to express their best wishes on the win.  very nice! mitt romney called to congratulate me on the win.  very nice! the @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their bad coverage of me.  i wonder if it will change - doubt it? wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the trump phenomenathis will prove to be a great time in the lives of all americans.  we will unite and we will win, win, win! today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces.  #thankavet  day planned in new york.  will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government! love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country.  we will all come together and be proud! just had a very open and successful presidential election.  now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting.  very unfair! a fantastic day in d. c.  met with president obama for first time.  really good meeting, great chemistry.  melania liked mrs.  o a lot! happy 241st birthday to the u. s.  marine corps!  thank you for your service! !   a beautiful and important evening!  the forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again.  we will all come together as never beforewatching the returns at 9:45pm.  #electionnight #maga🇺🇸  @ivankatrump: such a surreal moment to vote for my father for president of the united states!  make your voice heard and vote!  #election2…rt @erictrump: join my family in this incredible movement to #makeamericagreatagain! !  now it is up to you!  please #vote for america!   @donaldjtrumpjr: final push!  eric and i doing dozens of radio interviews.  we can win this thing!  get out and vote!  #maga #electionday ht…still time to #votetrump!  #ivoted #electionnight  let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is far from over!  we are doing well but there is much time left.  go florida! just out according to @cnn: utah officials report voting machine problems across entire countryi will be watching the election results from trump tower in manhattan with my family and friends.  very exciting! #electionday   need your vote.  go to the polls!  let's continue this movement!  find your poll location:   today!  go to  to find your polling location.  we are going to make america great again! …  we make america great again! today we are going to win the great state of michigan and we are going to win back the white house!  thank you mi! …  @donaldjtrumpjr: thanks new h #nh #newh #maga  @detroitnews: . @ivankatrump in michigan: ‘this is your movement’   @realdonaldtrump  evening in new h - thank you!  flying to grand rapids, michigan now.  watch nh rally here:…  news to share in new h tonight!  polls looking great!  see you soon. today in florida, i pledged to stand with the people of cuba and venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont:  you pennsylvania!  going to new h now and on to michigan.  watch pa rally here:   on #periscope: join me for a few minutes in pennsylvania.  get out & vote tomorrow.  lets #maga! !   missouri let's defeat crooked hillary & @koster4missouri!  koster supports obamacare & amnesty!  vote outsider navy seal @ericgreitens! 'america must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective, a corrupt system or an outsider' i like about trump  and why you need to vote for him' trump'  love you north carolina- thank you for your amazing support!  get out and  tomorrow! watch:…  my way!   landed in north carolina- heading to the j. s.  dorton arena.  see you all soon!  lets #makeamericagreatagain!   tomorrow it's going to be #americafirst!  thank you for a great morning sarasota, florida! watch here:…  you for you support virginia!  in one day - get out and #votetrumppence16!  #icymi:   you pennsylvania- i am forever grateful for your amazing support.  lets make america great again!  #maga…  you michigan!  this is a movement that will never be seen again- it's our last chance to #drainthesw watch…  american comeback story begins 11/8/16.  together, we will make america safe & great again for everyone!  watch:…  you minnesota!  it is time to #draintheswamp & #maga!  #icymi- watch:   - 11/7/2016scranton, pennsylvania at 5:30pm. grand rapids, michigan at 11pm. …  you iowa - get out & #votetrumppence16!    @ivankatrump: thank you new h 🇺🇸  jones: ‘there is a crack in the blue wall’ — it has to do with trade:  night in denver, colorado- thank you!  together, we will make america great again!  #icymi watch rally here:…  @danscavino: join @realdonaldtrump live in denver, colorado via his #facebook page- we are here! ! #makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸   you reno, nevada.  nothing will stop us in our quest to make america safe and great again!  #americafirst…  me live in reno, nevada!   me tomorrow! minnesota • 2pmmichigan • 6pmvirginia • 9:30p…  clinton aides bemoan c ‘all tactics,’ no vision:  act immediately’: clinton charity lawyer told execs they were breaking the law coach mike ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pme on #wattersworld with @jessebwatters @foxnews. thank you wilmington, north carolina.  we are 3 days away from the change you've been waiting for your entire life! …  you for the incredible support this morning t florida!  #icymi- watch here:   me in denver, colorado tonight at 9:30pm: new- scranton, pennsylvania monday @ 5:30pm:  america great again! thank you hershey, pennsylvania.  get out & vote on november 8th & we will #maga!  #rallyforriley #icymi, watch here…  me in denver, colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm! tickets:  me live in hershey, pennsylvania!  #makeamericagreatagain live:   only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is you.  the only force strong enough to save our country is us. …  you ohio!  vote so we can replace obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the united states!  watch:…  me live in wilmington, ohio!  obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect hillary, we would all be much better off! 'ice officers warn hillary immigration plan will unleash gangs, cartels & drug violence nationwide'…  you nh!  we will end illegal immigration, stop the drugs, deport all criminal aliens& american lives!  watc…  aides: ‘definitely’ not releasing some hrc emails: @teamtrump: mrs.  saucier's son is in prison for having classified info on an unsecured device.  @hillaryclinton did far worse & is runnin…the clinton c at obama justice #draintheswamp me today in wilmington, ohio at 4pm: tomorrow- t florida at 10am:  is no challenge too great, no dream outside of our reach!  thank you selma, north carolina! #icymi, watch here…  @paulareidcbs: . @cbsnews confirms fbi found emails on #anthonyweiner computer, related to hillary clinton server, that are new & not p…join me in wilmington, ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm!  it is time to #drainthesw tickets:   is unfit to serve.   you concord, north carolina!  when we win on november 8th, we are going to washington, d. c.  and we are going t…  my beautiful wife, melania, speak about our love of country and family.  we will make you all very proud. …  at air force one @ mia.  why is he c instead of creating jobs & fixing obamacare?  get back to work for the american people! obamacare is a total disaster.  hillary clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive.  doesn't work, i will repeal and replace! my wife, melania, will be speaking in pennsylvania this afternoon.  so exciting, big crowds!  i will be watching from north carolina. thank you arlene!  we will make america safe and great again!  #imwithyou #draintheswamp  @t_lineberger: thanks @ivankatrump for coming to help win michigan!  more people here than a hillary rally with less than 24 hours notice…#makeamericagreatagain #6days  you orlando, florida!  we are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man, woman and ch…  decades of lies and scandal, crooked hillary's corruption is closing in.  #drainthesw  camp fumed when surrogate told supporters clinton planned to betray labor on tpp post-election:  pays to have friends in high places- like the justice department.  clearly the clintons do.  #drainthesw  you miami!  in 6 days, we are going to win the great state of florida - and we are going to win back the white…  for the families of the two iowa police who were ambushed this morning.  an attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all. @pynance: evangelical women live at #trumptower @pdpryor1 @cissieglynch @saysgabrielle  #billygraham's grand daughter #supportstrump   so nice, thank you cissy graham lynch! ! ! ! crooked hillary clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails after they were subpoenaed by the united states congress.  guilty - cannot run.  rigged system! i am going to repeal and replace obamacare.  we will have much less expensive and much better healthcare.  with hillary, costs will triple! you can change your vote in six states.  so, now that you see that hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to make america great again! join me in florida tomorrow! miami•12pmorlando•4pmpensacola•7p…  you for your incredible support wisconsin and governor @scottwalker!  it is time to #draintheswamp & #maga! …  @danscavino: join @realdonaldtrump live in wisconsin with gov.  @scottwalker, @mayorrgiuliani, @reince & coach bobby knight!  live:  emails reveal podesta urging clinton camp to 'dump' emails.  time to #drainthesw urged clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged'  brzezinski: dem criticism of comey reinforcing idea ‘there’s something there'  advisers wanted her to avoid supporting israel when talking to democrats:  promises special session to repeal obamacare:  me out of jail': top doj official involved in clinton probe represented her c chairman:  is a very good man.  help him win his congressional seat in california. #icymi: governor @mike_pence and i were in valley forge, pennsylvania today.  you can watch it here:…  terrible that crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from donna brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news! join me tomorrow in florida! miami•12pmorlando•4pmpensacola•7p…  hillary should not be allowed to run for president.  she deleted 33,000 e-mails after getting a subpoena from u. s.  congress.  rigged! wow, now leading in @abc /@washingtonpost poll 46 to 45.  gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the crooked hillary blow-up! look at the way crooked hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in.  she is unfit to be president.  bad judgement! wow!  i hear you warren, michigan.  streaming live - join us america.  it is time to drain the swwatch:  #hillarycarefail  you grand rapids, michigan!  #icymi- watch:   million+ raised online in just one week!  record week.  #draintheswamp today we set a bigger record.  contribute &gt; basketball coach bobby knight who has 900+ wins, many ch and a gold medal will be introducing…  two official favors to morocco resulted in $28 million for clinton foundation' #draintheswamp me tomorrow in michigan! grand rapids at 12pm:warren at 3pm:  rally in albuquerque, new mexico this evening - thank you.  get out & vote!  #draintheswampwatch rally:…  i follow mr. trump at all of his rallies by watching them on  he is a lion-hearted warrior, who inspires hopethank you greeley, co!  real change means restoring honesty to the govt.  our plan will end govt.  corruption!  watch:…  you las vegas, nevada- i love you!  departing for greeley, colorado now.  get out & vote!  #icymi- watch here:…  you tomorrow michigan! grand rapids, mi tomorrow at noon:warren, mi tomorrow at 3pm:…  twitter, google and facebook are burying the fbi criminal investigation of clinton.  very dishonest media! hillary and the dems loved and praised fbi director comey just a few days ago.  original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed! we are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on friday - great in states! great day in colorado & arizona.  will be in nevada, colorado and new mexico tomorrow - join me! tickets:…  you phoenix, arizona!  time for new powerful leadership.  just imagine what we can accomplish in our first 100…  nice - great americans outside trump tower right now.  thank you!   golden, co.  for arizona now - after an unbelievable rally.  watch here: overflow:  las vegas, nv- 11a: greeley, co- 4p: albuquerque, nm- 7p:  in my mind, #donaldtrump is the only way out of this mess.  - #philrobertson of tv's #duckdynasty   thank you phil! i am in colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday! join me in colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or arizona at 3pm! tickets:golden: phoenix:…  you maine, new h and iowa.  the waiting is over!  the time for change is now!  we are going to…  bombshell: fbi reopening its investigation into hillaryclinton's email server after new discovery! just landed in iowa - speaking soon! we must not let #crookedhillary take her criminal scheme into the oval office.  #draintheswamp  out: neera tanden, hillary clinton adviser said, “israel is depressing. ” i think israel is inspiring! rt @drudge_report: wsj:  the cold clinton reality  to new h will be talking about the disaster known as obamacare! if my people said the things about me that podesta & hillary's people said about her, i would fire them out of self respect.  bad instinctsjoin me tonight in cedar rapids, iowa at 7pm: phoenix, arizona tomorrow night at 3pm:  @johnatsrs1949 fbi must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service, fbi, or dallaspolicert @drudge_report: wsj:  grifters-in-chief   you geneva, ohio.  if i am elected president, i am going to keep radical islamic terrorists out of our countr…  @teamtrump on facebook & watch tonight's rally from geneva, ohio- our 3rd rally of the day.  #americafirst #maga  hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook.  #drainthesw  people in arizona just got a taste of obamacare with a 116% increase in premiums.  @realdonaldtrump repeal and replace! i will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 p. m.  enjoy! i delivered a speech in charlotte, north carolina yesterday.  i appreciate all of the feedback & support.  lets #maga…  me live in toledo, ohio.  time to #draintheswamp & #maga!  me in cedar rapids, iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm!  #maga  i agree- to all americans, i see you & i hear you.  i am your voice.  vote to #draintheswamp with me on 11/8. …  you springfield, ohio.  get out and #votetrumppence16! #icymi - watch here:   me live in springfield, ohio!  ‘bill clinton inc. ’: hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income.  #drainthesw me!  #magatoday:springfield, oh toledo, oh geneva, oh friday:manchester, nh lisbon, me cedar rapids, ia agree, @mmflint- to all americans, i see you & i hear you.  i am your voice.  vote to #draintheswamp w/ me on 11/8.   foundation’s fundraisers pressed donors to steer business to former president fournier: clinton used secret server to protect #circleofenrichment” drip-drop releases prove one thing: there's no nov.  8 deadline on clinton's dishonesty and scandals' lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in texas.  people are not happy.  big lines.  what is going on? obamacare is a disaster.  we must repeal & replace.  tired of the lies, and want to #drainthesw get out & vote…  @erictrump: tune into @gma right now to catch a great interview with my father & the entire family!  🇺🇸 #votetrumppence16  evening in kinston, north carolina - thank you!  get out and vote! !  you can watch tonight's rally here:…  you charlotte, north carolina.  great afternoon!  #icymi - i delivered a speech on urban renewal.  full speech:…  said she was under sniper fire while surrounded by usss.  turned out to be a total lie.  she is not fit to…  me in ohio tomorrow! springfield-1pm:toledo-4pm:geneva-7pm…  and replace obamacare! thank you tallahassee, florida!  a beautiful evening with the movement!  get out & vote! #icymi- watch here:  you sanford, florida.  get out & vote #trumppence16!  #icymi- watch this afternoons rally here:…  and replace! ! !  #obamacareinthreewordsi have met & spent a lot of time with families @ the remembrance project.  i will fight for them everyday! …  your ballots in colorado - i will see you soon -- and we will win! #makeamericagreatagain  warned of rigged elections in 2008. ' time to #draintheswamp  is a disaster.  rates going through the sky - ready to explode.  i will fix it.  hillary can't! #obamacarefailedtruly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the bay of pigs veterans association.  #maga…  is a disaster - as i've been saying from the beginning.  time to repeal & replace!  #obamacarefail   is a disaster!  time to repeal & replace!  #obamacarefail    out and vote!  i am your voice and i will fight for you!  we will make america great again!   obamacare premiums to jump 25% next year: premiums are about to skyrocket --- again.  crooked h will only make it worse.  we will repeal & replace!   election looms, some bad news for clinton, democrats: crowd in t florida- thank you!  we will win florida, #draintheswamp in washington d. c.  and make america…  you bobby bowden for the intro tonight and your support!  i hope i can do as well for florida as you have done!   contract with the american voter will restore honesty, accountability & change to washington!  #draintheswamp  navarro: 'trump the bull vs.  clinton the bear' #draintheswamp  operative caught on camera: hillary personally ordered 'donald duck' troll c that broke the law' me tomorrow in sanford or tallahassee, florida! sanford at 3pm:tallahassee at 6pm: you st.  augustine, florida!  get out and vote!  join the movement - and lets #drainthesw off to t now! …  me live on my facebook page in st.  augustine, florida!  lets #draintheswamp & make america great again! …  to receive an endorsement from @sjsopio - thank you!  together, we are going to make america safe & great ag…  clinton had gun control supporters planted in town hall audience'  west palm beach, florida now - heading to st.  augustine for a 3pm rally.  will be in t at 7pm - join me:…  clinton foundation’s most questionable foreign donations'#paytoplay #draintheswamp farmers round table in boynton beach, florida.  get out & vote- lets #maga!  early voting by fl.  county:…  out to vote on 11/8/2016- and we will #draintheswrasmussen national trump 43%clinton 41%  are winning and the press is refusing to report it.  don't let them fool you- get out and vote!  #draintheswamp on november 8th! why has nobody asked kaine about the horrible views emanated on wikileaks about catholics?  media in the tank for clinton but trump will win! major story that the dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the trump .  we are going to win! wow, just came out on secret tape that crooked hillary wants to take in as many syrians as possible.  we cannot let this happen - isis! 'clinton ally aided c of fbi official’s wife'  charity got up to $56 million from nations that are anti-women, gays' #crookedhillary you naples, florida!  get out and vote #trumppence16 on 11/8.  lets #makeamericagreatagain!  full naples rally…  attack on mosul is turning out to be a total disaster.  we gave them months of notice.  u. s.  is looking so dumb.  vote trump and win again! #crookedhillary #paytoplay  me in naples, florida this evening at 6:00pm!  tickets:   - get out on november 8th & vote #trumppence16.  it is time to #draintheswamp -- this is our last chance!   prosecutor: the clintons are so corrupt, everything ‘they touch turns to molten lead’  you las vegas review journal!  editorial: 'donald trump for president'  via @reviewjournalwell, iran has done it again.  taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release.  this doesn't happen if i'm president! if you can't run your own house you certainly can't run the white house a statement made by mrs.  obama about crooked hillary clintonthank you for the massive turnout tonight- cleveland, ohio!  get out & vote #trumppence16 on 11/8. watch rally here:…  'clinton-kaine even lied about timing of veep pick' lays out policies for first 100 days in white house' abedin told clinton her secret email account caused problems' arrived in cleveland, ohio- join governor @mike_pence and i now, live via:  clinton: 'architect of failure'#draintheswamp #crookedhillary crowd of supporters in virginia beach, virginia.  thank you!  next stop - cleveland, ohio. …  order to #draintheswamp & create a new government of, by, & for the people, i need your vote!  go to  let's #maga! today i introduced my contract with the american voter - our economy will be strong & our people will be safe. …  has to come from outside our very broken system.  #maga  hillary clinton tops middle east forum’s ‘islamist money list' you gettysburg, pennsylvania!  #draintheswamp  in pennsylvania now.  great new poll this morning, thank you.  lets #draintheswamp and #makeamericagreatagain…  be in cleveland, ohio w/ @mike_pence tonight- join us: naples, florida-tomorrow @ 6pm:  i #voted for donaldtrump!  #arizona ☉ #economy #immigration #jobs #veterans #bordercontrol #trade…  best way to pay hillary back for what she did to @berniesanders #dncleak is a donaldtrump landslide  media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place.  biggest crowds ever - watch what happens! just returned from pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs.  amazing crowd.  will be going back tomorrow, to gettysburg! governor @mike_pence and i will be in cleveland, ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us!  #magatickets:…  you to the great crowd of supporters in newtown, pennsylvania.  get out & vote on 11/8/16.  lets #maga!  watch:…  sending u. s.  intelligence info.  to podesta’s hacked email is ‘unquestionably an opsec violation’  reveals clinton c work with ‘very friendly and malleable reporters’ #draintheswamp #crookedhillary brazile shreds obama economy - acting dnc chair says 'people are more in despair about how things are'  hillary clinton} created this mess, and she knows it.  #draintheswamp   c and harry reid worked with new york times to smear state dept watchdog'time to #drainthesw  ironic: in 2010 video, clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‘sensitive information’  crowd in johnstown, pennsylvania- thank you.  get out & vote on 11/8!  watch the movement in pa.  this afternoon…  top clinton foundation official said he could name “500 different ex of conflicts of interest.   “was at center of negotiating $12m commitment from king mohammed vi of morocco” to clinton fdn.   crowd in fletcher, north carolina- thank you!  heading to johnstown, pennsylvania now!  get out on november 8th…  results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, i won!  thank you, these are very exciting times. huma calls it a mess, the rest of us call it corrupt!  wikileaks catches crooked in the act - again. #draintheswamp  & obama's broken promises.  #repealobamacare  addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #obamacare are seeing massive premium incr…  @erictrump: on behalf of the entire family, we would truly be honored to have your vote!  let's #makeamericagreatagain #earlyvote  @teamtrump: when obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13,375.  today they are $18,142.  thanks, obama. crooked hillary promised 200k jobs in ny and failed.  we'll create 25m jobs when i'm president, and i will deliver!   took millions from oppressive me countries.  will she give the $$$ back?  probably not.  don't forget her slog…  won the third debate' rallies - join me! tomorrowfletcher, nc @ 12pm.  saturdaycleveland, oh @ 7pm.   - ohio rally! watch here:   access to crooked hillary?  don't forget - it's going to cost you! #draintheswamp #paytoplay  you delaware county, ohio!  remember- either we win this election, or we are going to lose this country! …  elected potus - i will stop radical islamic terrorism in this country!  in order to do this, we need to…  didn't hillary clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them!  crooked hillary. thank you america!  #magarasmussen national polldonald trump 43%hillary clinton 40%  landed in ohio.  thank you america- i am honored to win the final debate for our movement.  it is time to…  dishonest donna brazile chokes on the truth.  highly illegal!  watch:   washington times presidential debate poll:trump 77% 18,290clinton 17% 4,100#draintheswamp #debate  the movement to #maga!   poll - thank you america!  once we #drainthesw together we will #maga🇺🇸#debate  was really exciting.  made all of my points.  make america great again! join my team over on my facebook page- live now!  #debates  era of division is coming to an end.  we will create a new future of #americanunity.  first, we need to…  cannot take four more years of barack obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for hillary.  #bigleaguetruthi started this c to make america great again.  that’s what i’m going to do.  #maga #debatehillary's health care policies#draintheswamp #debate  @teamtrump: . @realdonaldtrump is going to cut taxes big league -- crooked is going to raise taxes big league!  #draintheswamp #debate htt…we have to repeal & replace #obamacare!  look at what is doing to people!  #draintheswamp  has infiltrated countries all over europe by posing as refugees, and @hillaryclinton will allow it to happen h…  economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies. #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp  we can save american jobs, american lives, and american futures!  #debates  has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals.  we need change!  #bigleaguetruth #debatei will defeat isis.  they have been around too long!  what has our leadership been doing? #draintheswamp  @teamtrump: what they are saying about @realdonaldtrump's great debate and @hillaryclinton's bad performance htt…after crooked @hillaryclinton allowed isis to rise, she now claims she'll defeat them?  laughable!  here's my plan:  @teamtrump: her instincts are suboptimal.  opposed going into iraq.  hillary voted for it.  as with everything else she's supported, it was a disaster.   #draintheswamp  sanders on hrc: bad judgement.  john podesta on hrc: bad instincts.  #bigleaguetruth #debatehillary failed all over the world.  #bigleaguetruth  ❌libya❌syria❌iran❌iraq❌asia pivot❌russian reset❌benghazi…  says take back mosul?  we would have never lost mosul- if it wasn't for #crookedhillary.  #draintheswamp  @teamtrump: live fact-check: trump's right.  the clinton foundation has taken millions from the middle east.  #draintheswamp  should give the money back @hillaryclinton!  #draintheswamp  top aides were mired in massive conflicts of interests at the state dept.  we must #draintheswamp  #debatecrooked @hillaryclinton's foundation is a criminal enterprise.  time to #drainthesw   #bigleaguetruth #debatemoderator: “respectfully, you won’t answer the pay-to-play question. ” #debate #bigleaguetruth. @hillaryclinton loves to lie.  america has had enough of the clinton's!  it is time to #drainthesw debates  say anything and change nothing!  #maga #bigleaguetruth  will do more in the first 30 days in office than hillary has done in the last 30 years!  #debate  #bigleaguetruth  camp incited violence at my rallies.  these incidents weren't spontaneous - like she claimed in benghazi!   is nothing more than a wall street puppet!  #bigleaguetruth #debate  to you by @hillaryclinton & her c in chicago, illinois.  #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp  @teamtrump: . @realdonaldtrump will do more in the first 30 days in office than hillary has done in the last 30 years!  #debate #bigleague…our country is stagnant.  we’ve lost jobs and business.  we don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill hillary’s husband signed and she blessedcrooked hillary has never created a job in her life.  we will create 25 million jobs.  think she can do that?  not a c…  has been doing this for thirty years. where has she been?  #bigleaguetruth#crookedhillary gives obama an “a” for an economic recovery that’s the slowest since wwii #bigleaguetruth…  choice is clear! #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp  @teamtrump: #crookedhillary's plan will add $1. 15 trillion in new taxes.  we cannot afford her!  #draintheswamp #debate  will renegotiate nafta.  if i can’t make a great deal, we’re going to tear it up.  we’re going to get this economy running again.  #debatethis is what we can expect from #crookedhillary.  more taxes.  more spending.  #bigleagetruth #draintheswamp #debates   tax hikes will crush our economy.  i will cut taxes -- big league.    talking about jobs?  remember what she promised upstate new york.  #bigleaguetruth#debates  has been a foreign policy disaster for the american people.  i will #makeamericastrongagain #debate…  hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending.  #debate #bigleaguetruth. @hillaryclinton- you have failed, failed, and failed.  #bigleaguetruthtime to #drainthesw  has called for 550% more syrian immigrants, but won’t even mention “radical islamic terrorists. ” #debate…  @potus - we agree! #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp  hillary paid $225,000 by a brazilian bank for a speech that called for “open borders. ” that’s a quote!  #debate #bigleaguetruthrt @teamtrump: . @realdonaldtrump wants a safe america w/ stronger borders, no amnesty, and an end to sanctuary cities.  he is #americafirst! …trump & clinton on immigration#debate #bigleaguetruth  is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility. she supported nafta, worst deal in us history.  #debateplain & simple: we should only admit into this country those who share our values and respect our people.   of my first acts as president will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border.  #debate #magahillary clinton will use american tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals.  i will put…  are pouring into this country.  if we have no border, we have no country.  that’s why ice endorsed me.  #debate #bigleaguetruthrt @teamtrump: . @realdonaldtrump is pro-life, pro-family #bigleaguetruth #debates2016  #2a#debates  is so imperative that we have the right justices.  #draintheswamp #debates #bigleaguetruth  lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights.  2a will not survive a hillary presidency.  #debate #bigleaguetruthrt @teamtrump: . @realdonaldtrump will protect and defend the constitution #debate #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp  2nd amendment is under siege.  we need scotus judges who will uphold the us constitution.  #debate #bigleaguetruthhillary clinton wants to create the most liberal supreme court in history #debate #draintheswamp  to lead.  ready to make america great again.  #debate #magathis is an incredible movement- we are going to take our country back!  #november8th #bigleaguetruth #debate  in at  and get the word out #bigleaguetruth #debate help us spread the truth, stop the…  will be handing over my twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate#makeamericagreatagainunbelievable! clinton c contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited white house 342 times:  250,000 to lose health insurance in battleground north carolina due to #obamacare' my team tonight at 8:30pme!   will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government! …  am going to expand the definition of lobbyist - so we close all the loopholes!  #draintheswamp  premiums increasing 33% in pennsylvania - a complete disaster.  it must be repealed and replaced! …  clinton deleted emails with her email server technician' me in delaware, ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm!  #draintheswamp tickets:   hillary adviser mocked, plotted attacks on pro-sanders civil rights leader' #draintheswamp  operative who oversaw trump rally agitators visited white house 342 times' #draintheswamp  works hard, and illegally, for clinton' #draintheswamp  surround clinton's gatekeeper at state'#draintheswamp  state department's 'shadow government' #draintheswamp  anti-catholic emails from team clinton:   is time to #drainthesw groups’ – emails show clinton c organized potential vps by race and gender:   to #draintheswamp in washington, d. c.  and vote #trumppence16 on 11/8/2016.  together, we will make america safe…  is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the united states.  #draintheswamp  c tried to limit damage from classified info on email server' #draintheswamp  rally disrupter was once on clinton's payroll' @teamtrump: it is time to #draintheswamp in washington, d. c!  vote nov.  8th to take down the #rigged system!   you colorado springs.  if i’m elected president i am going to keep radical islamic terrorists out of our count…  ks, me, md, mn, nj, or & wv!  it's the last day to mail in voter reg forms.  get the forms at…  @erictrump: nevada: a quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote!    aides urged her to take foreign lobbyist donation and deal with attacks:  we let crooked run the govt, history will remember 2017 as the year america lost its independence.  #draintheswamp  collusion.  cover-ups.  and now bribery?  so crooked.  i will #drainthesw  will make our government honest again -- believe me.  but first, i'm going to have to #draintheswamp in dc.   41% of american voters believe the  election could be stolen from donaldtrump due to widespread voter fraud.  - politicogreat night in wi.  i’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the peo…  j.  trump ethics reform plan for washington d. c.  fbi agents say comey ‘stood in the way’ of clinton email investigation: rich quick!  crooked hillary clinton's pay to play guide:  more evidence of a media-rigged election:  wife, melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by anderson cooper on @cnn.  i have no doubt she will do very well.  enjoy! i will sign the first bill to repeal #obamacare and give americans many choices and much lower rates! trump virginia office announces statewide tv ad strategy and leadership team:   me in colorado springs, colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm!  #maga tickets:  hillary colluded w/fbi and doj and media is covering up to protect her.  it's a #riggedsystem!  our country d…  polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caughtjournalists shower hillary clinton with c cash  department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in clinton email scandal  @teamtrump: our thoughts are with the forces fighting isis in iraq.  we must never back down against this extreme radical islamic terrori…wow, new polls just came out from @cnn   great numbers, especially after total media hit job.  leading ohio 48 - 44. rt @teamtrump: corruption confirmed: fbi confirms state dept.  offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified emails fraud!  crooked hillary clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word.  can you imagine if i got the questions? unbelievable.   @teamtrump: 🚨breaking🚨: state department's kennedy pressured fbi to unclassify clinton emails: fbi documents proves even the clinton c knew crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged?  rigged!   have all got to come together and win this election.  we can't have four more years of obama or worse! . of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day.  why do republican leaders deny what is going on?  so naive! @rosiegray: peter thiel chooses now to give $1. 25mil in support of trump  trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as april!  this is all yet another hoax.   terrible@marksimoneny: watch joe biden's long history of grabbing, kissing and groping women who are cringing:  believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women many already proven false and pushed big time by press, have impact! all safe in orange county, north carolina.  with you all the way, will never forget.  now we have to win.  proud of you all!   @ncgopanimals representing hillary clinton and dems in north carolina just firebombed our office in orange county because we are winning @ncgopwow, interview released by wikileakes shows quid pro quo in crooked hillary e-mail probe. such a dishonest person - & paul ryan does zilch! finally, in the new abc news/washington post poll, hillary clinton is down 11 points with women voters and the election is close at 47-43! paul ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win including failed run four years ago, must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc. the democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked hillary clinton.  we have paul ryan, always fighting the republican nominee! join me in wisconsin tomorrow or colorado on tuesday! green bay- 6pmcolorado springs- 1pm…  vast majority felt she should be prosecuted -- even senior fbi officials thought crooked was guilty.   election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing crooked hillary - but also at many polling places - sadwe've all wondered how hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme.  wikileaks may have found the answer.  obama!   staff thought her email scandal might just blow over.  who would trust these people with national security?   country that crooked hillary says has funded isis also gave wild bill $1 million for his birthday?  so corrupt!   let crooked & the gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad.  unbelievable!   is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the clinton c by putting stories that never happened into news! polls close, but can you believe i lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events that never happened.  media rigging election! watched saturday night live hit job on me. time to retire the boring and unfunny show.  alec baldwin portrayal stinks.  media rigging election! @davidshiloach: @realdonaldtrump go mr.  trump!  israel is behind you! thank you for sharing amy.   great day in new h and maine.  fantastic crowds and energy!  #magathank you bangor, maine!  get out & #votetrumppence16 on 11/8/16- and together we will make america safe and great a…  failing @nytimes reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way! nothing ever happened with any of these women.  totally made up nonsense to steal the election.  nobody has more respect for women than me! the movement in portsmouth, new h w/ 7k supporters.  thank you!  this is the biggest election of our lifetime…  in new h soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country. the truth is a beautiful weapon.   @danscavino: mr.  trump removing the broken teleprompter in north carolina-in front of a massive crowd.  he goes on& the best spee…hillary clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail.  instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged electionwill be in bangor, maine today at 3pm- join me!  #magatickets:   election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect crooked hillary! 100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the clinton c may poison the minds of the american voter.  fix! thank you @trumpwomenstour! #makeamericagreatagain  you charlotte, north carolina!  we are going to have an amazing victory on november 8thbecause this is all…  sure you're registered to vote!  let's #makeamericagreatagain!  we can't afford more years of failure!  all info:…  you for your support greensboro, north carolina.  next stop - charlotte!  #maga  they are saying about the clinton c anti-catholic bigotry:  you to our u. s.  navy for protecting our country, both in times of peace & war.  together, we will make america…  me live in cincinnati, ohio! #trumprally #maga me in greensboro, north carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm!  #trumprally  @teamtrump: this is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not we the people reclaim control ov…dem gov.  of mn.  just announced that the affordable care act obamacare is no longer affordable.  i've been saying this for years- disaster! great event in columbus- taking off for cincinnati now.  great new ohio poll out- thank you! ohio nbc/wsj/marist polltrump 42% clinton 41%just left a great rally in florida - now heading to ohio for two more.  will be there soon. i am making a major speech in west palm beach, florida at noon.  tune in! thank you!  #maga #americafirst  me in ohio & maine! cincinnati, ohio- tonight @ 7:30pm: bangor, maine - saturday @ 3pm…  phony story in the failing @nytimes is a total fabrication.  written by same people as last discredited story on women.  watch! why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in people magazine mention the incident in her story.  because it did not happen! i will be in cincinnati, ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me!  #ohiovotesearly #votetrumppence16 tickets:…  movement in lakeland, florida.  voter registration extended to 10/18.  register asap @  &  people of cuba have struggled too long.  will reverse obama's executive orders and concessions towards cuba until freedoms are restored. pay to play politics.  #crookedhillary  little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by wikileaks.  so dishonest!  rigged system! crooked hillary clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them? thank you florida- a movement that has never been seen before and will never be seen again.  lets get out &  me thursday in florida & ohio! west palm beach, fl at noon:cincinnati, oh this 7:30pm: @cnn town hall questions were given to crooked hillary clinton in advance of big debates against bernie sanders.  hillary & cnn fraud! thank you texas!  if you haven't registered to vote- today is your last day.  go to:  & get ou…  registration deadlines today.  you can register now at:  and get out to…  let her fool us again.   state dept gave special attention to friends of bill after the haiti earthquake.  unbelievable!   @donaldjtrumpjr: 13 states have voter registration deadlines today: fl, oh, pa, mi, ga, tx, nm, in, la, tn, ar, ky, sc. register:  hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of hillary clinton as exposed by wikileaks.  she is unfit to run. in texas now, leaving soon for big rally in florida! the very foul mouthed sen.  john mccain begged for my support during his  primary i gave, he won, then dropped me over locker room remarks! wow.  unbelievable.   r's are far more difficult than crooked hillary.  they come at you from all sides.  they don’t know how to win - i will teach them! with the exception of cheating bernie out of the nom the dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the republicans! it is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and i can now fight for america the way i want to. rt @erictrump: 13 states have voter registration deadlines today: fl, oh, pa, mi, ga, tx, nm, in, la, tn, ar, ky, sc. register:  very weak and ineffective leader, paul ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty. despite winning the second debate in a landslide every poll, it is hard to do well when paul ryan and others give zero support! thank you pennsylvania.  this is a movement like we have never seen before!  #votetrumppence16 on 11/8/16- together,…  this really america?  terrible!   @cnn got caught fixing their focus group in order to make crooked hillary look better.  really pathetic and totally dishonest! debate polls look great - thank you! #maga #americafirst  is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased.   ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting republican nomineethank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night.  very exciting! thank you st.  louis, missouri! #makeamericagreatagain    @mike_pence: congrats to my running mate @realdonaldtrump on a big debate win!  proud to stand with you as we #maga. rt @teamtrump: rt if you agree @realdonaldtrump won the #debate- big league!  #maga  @donaldjtrumpjr: someone please fact check her coal comments.  give me a break.  #debatesrt @teamtrump: it’s us vs.  them!  @realdonaldtrump will fight for you!  #bigleaguetruth #debatesmy pro-growth econ plan:✅eliminate excessive regulations!  ✅lean government! ✅lower taxes! #debates …  @hillaryclinton is the single biggest beneficiary of citizens united in history, by far.  #debate #bigleaguetruthrt @donaldjtrumpjr: ironic since hillary has gotten a lot more of that dark unaccountable money into her c #debatesrt @teamtrump: she calls our people deplorable and irredeemable.  i will be a president for all of our people.  - @realdonaldtrump #bigleag…rt @kellyannepolls: after a decent first debate, @hillaryclinton is back to form: pedantic, lawyerly, technocratic, woefully untruthful r…our country has the slowest growth since 1929.  #bigleaguetruth #debatert @danscavino: we love our deplorables! ! ! #trumptrain #debates2016  “how can you unite a country if you’ve written off tens of millions of americans? ” #deplorables #bigleaguetruth #debatethis country cannot take four more years of barack obama!  #debatewe agree @potus-she'll hillary clinton say anything & change nothing.  it's time to turn the page -president obamaif @hillaryclinton is president, she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done.  #debate #bigleaguetruthfact ✔️ on “red line” in syria: hrc i wasn’t there.  fact: line drawn in aug ’12.  hrc secy of state til feb ’13.   my administration, every american will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #debate #bigleaguetruthrt @teamtrump: it's hard to fight terrorism when you're making cash payments to the world's largest state sponsor of terror.  under trump: n…rt @teamtrump: . @hillaryclinton had her chance and she blew it.  #bigleaguetruth #debates  @teamtrump: we are going to be thriving again.  - @realdonaldtrump #bigleaguetruth #debates2016  cannot let this evil continue!  #debates2016  is the definition of ransom ⬇  world is most peaceful, and most prosperous when america is strongest.   are hillary clinton's accomplishments at the state department. #debates2016 #rattledhillary  @teamtrump: #rattledhillary wants to talk about her 30 years in service.  how about her 30 years of flops↔️flops? !  #bigleaguetruth #debat…rt @teamtrump: . @hillaryclinton is raising your taxes to a disastrous level.  @realdonaldtrump is going to lower your taxes - big league!  #d…history lesson: there’s a big difference between hillary clinton and abraham lincoln.  for one, his nickname is hone…  going to cut taxes big league for the middle class.  she's raising your taxes and i'm lowering your taxes!  need both a public and a private position@hillaryclinton #debates2016  @hillaryclinton claims she needs a “public and a private stance” in discussions with wall street banks.  #debatei hope when the msm runs its “interruption counters” they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me com…  - its called extreme vetting!  #debates2016  #icymi- we are not in a narrative fight. @mike_pence #maga  @teamtrump: only @realdonaldtrump will end what even @billclinton called a crazy system.  #bigleaguetruth #debate  has failed all over the world!  􏰀 #bigleaguetruth #debates2016  @realdonaldtrump: attn: @hillaryclinton - why did five of your staffers need fbi immunity? !  #bigleaguetruth #debates. @hillaryclinton is not above the law! #debates2016  @teamtrump: we agree with bill, obamacare is “the craziest thing in the world. ” #bigleaguetruth #debates2016  : bill “clarified” what he meant when calling obamacare a “disaster. ” actually “disaster” is pretty clear.  #debatewe must repeal obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system.  #debate #magaobama and clinton told the same lie to sell #obamacare.  #debates2016  @hillaryclinton - why did five of your staffers need fbi immunity? !  #bigleaguetruth #debateshillary’s 33,000 deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding.  that’s a lot of wedding emails.  #debatebasically nothing hillary has said about her secret server has been true.  #crookedhillaryif i win-i am going to instruct my ag to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies. rt @teamtrump: rt if you believe @hillaryclinton is the one who owes america an apology!  #bigleaguetruth #debates  j.  trump's history of empowering women #bigleaguetruth never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than bill clinton. my words were unfortunate-the clintons’ actions were far worsert @teamtrump: quite simply, @hillaryclinton mistreats women.  #bigleaguetruth #debate2016  not proud of my locker room talk.  but this world has serious problems.  we need serious leaders.  #debate #bigleaguetruthrt @teamtrump: . @realdonaldtrump is here to talk about the real issues #bigleaguetruth #debates2016  this simple.  “make america great again. ” #debate #bigleaguetruthrt @teamtrump: . @hillaryclinton just claimed she has a positive, optimistic view for america.  #debates  team of deplorables will be taking over my twitter account for tonight's #debate#makeamericagreatagainjoin me on #facebooklive as i conclude my final #debate preparations.   palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing israeli citizens. continued: video–broaddrick, willey, jones to bill's defenders: ‘these are crimes,’ ‘terrified’ of ‘enabler’ hillary  times- usc dornsife sunday poll: donald trump retains 2 point lead over hillary: many self-righteous hypocrites.  watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down! @henryleledog: @realdonaldtrump this black democrat is on the trump train! ! @maidaa17: @realdonaldtrump gop traitors!  not supporting u is voting for her, destroying america. @charleneosbor17: @realdonaldtrump politicians don't count.  it's the people.  we are behind trump all the way to white house. @eericmyers: @realdonaldtrump  republican leadership should have only one job: help elect the nominee we voted for, donald j.  trump. @jodygirl1010: @realdonaldtrump i am a woman who continues to support & stand with #trump!  #dtmag  thank you. exclusive — video interview: bill clinton accuser juanita broaddrick relives brutal rapes: support except for some republican leadership.  thank you. thank you to my great supporters in wisconsin.  i heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal! rt @atensnut: hillary calls trump's remarks horrific while she lives with and protects a rapist.   her actions are horrific. rt @atensnut: how many times must it be said?  actions speak louder than words.  dt said bad things! hrc threatened me after bc raped me. the media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  i will never drop out of the race, will never let my supporters down!  #magacertainly has been an interesting 24 hours! here is my statement.   & prayers with the millions of people in the path of hurricane matthew.  look out for neighbors, and listen…  trump speaking in exact same tone he did in waterville valley on 12/1.  the night i first realized he was gonna be gop nomineenew national rasmussen poll:  you tennessee!  #maga  #trumppence16 on 11/8/16!   trump: a president for all americans'  to be a trump election observer.  sign up today! #makeamericagreatagain @donaldjtrumpjr: great group at our victory office in columbus, ohio.  i'm incredibly grateful to have so many…  @ivankatrump: thank you angie phillips for inviting me to tour your plant middletown tube works.  #ohio  for everyone in florida.  hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful. new virginia poll- thank you!  we are going to show the whole world that america is back – bigger, and better, and s…  poll just released.  two rallies there on mon- join me! ambridge: wilkes-barre:…  immigration and customs enforcement officers ice make first-ever presidential endorsement: a great honor!   rally in reno, nevada- thank you.  make sure you get out on 11/8 & vote #trumppence16.  together, we will put…  polling just out- thank you! #makeamericagreatagain  you south carolina!  everyone has to get out and vote on 11/8/16.  #makeamericagreatagain…  voting: mn & ia already underway, more states coming up in the next week: oh, me, az, in — check w/local officials for details & vote! 'small business says trump is their pick for president' you @senjohnmccain for your kind remarks on the important issue of ptsd and the dishonest media.  great to be in arizona yesterday! bill clinton is right: obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.   thanks bill for telling the truth. thank you henderson, nv.  this is a movement like never seen before!  watch some of the rally via my facebook page:…  to begin a rally here in henderson, nevada.  new reuters poll just out- thank you!  join the movement:…  morning- thank you @iclv!   constant interruptions last night by tim kaine should not have been allowed.  mike pence won big! mike pence won big.  we should all be proud of mike! rt @mike_pence: history teaches us that weakness arouses evil.  america needs to be strong on the world stage.  #vpdebate  @teamtrump: rt if you agree - @hillaryclinton & @timkaine are wrong for america!  #vpdebate #maga  @teamtrump: . @timkaine's abortion flip-flops: from valuing the sanctity of life --&gt; pro-abortion demagogue #vpdebate  @timkaine cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #pence vs the other guyso obvious @foxnews  so true! @gsimmons03ginny: @realdonaldtrump . . kaine is awful, trump and pence are the ticket. . no more lies, we are ready to see america great again! clinton’s top aides were mired in conflict of interest at the state department: #vpdebate #bigleaguetruth@flifeforce: @_cfj_ @vine that is a reason to not vote for hillary clinton.  vote for liberty!  vote for @realdonaldtrump. @hillaryclinton’s careless use of a secret server put national security at risk:  #vpdebate#bigleaguetruthclinton is weak on north korea: #vpdebatert @teamtrump: obama-clinton failed foreign policy:-bad nuclear deal-ransom payment to leading state sponsor of terror-sharing classifie…rt @teamtrump: . @hillaryclinton & @timkaine think you're #deplorables & #basementdwellers.  @realdonaldtrump & @mike_pence think you're patr…clinton’s close ties to putin deserve scrutiny: #vpdebatesanctions relief from clinton-obama iran nuclear deal likely go to terrorists: #bigleaguetruth #vpdebate. @timkaine is wrong for defense:  #bigleaguetruth #vpdebateicymi: pence: i ran a state that worked; kaine ran a state that failed.   is the anti-defense senator.  #vpdebate #bigleaguetruth  @teamtrump: we need strong, broad-shouldered leadership like @mike_pence & @realdonaldtrump in the white house!  #vpdebate #bigleaguetrut…clinton’s flailing syria policy was judged a failure: #vpdebatert @gop: in @timkaine's own words ⬇️ #debates2016  and i will defeat #isis.  #vpdebatewhat they are saying about mike pence “dominating” the debate: #vpdebatei agree mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers!  #vpdebate police officers are the best of us@mike_pence. @hillaryclinton sneers at millions of average americans.  #vpdebate #bigleaguetruthrt @teamtrump: “police officers are the best of us.  law enforcement in this country is a force for good.  - @mike_pence #vpdebate #bigleagu…@geeveem: @realdonaldtrump @susiesentinel pence is so prepared!  he did his homework to outperform kaine. rt @teamtrump: law enforcement officers bring communities together & keep us safe.  @mike_pence & @realdonaldtrump respect & stand by them! …rt @seanspicer: . @timkaine wants to tough on crime - fails to talk about defending rapists and murders #vpdebate. @timkaine oversaw unemployment increase by 179,249 while @mike_pence decreased unemployment in indiana by 113,826. …  @frankluntz @marthamaccallum @realdonaldtrump good! ! @bcuzimdamomma: @freedavidking no she only gets #americans killed #benghazi - we need @realdonaldtrump #maga@ifdanyt: @realdonaldtrump loving @mike_pence he's so likeable and sensible.  kaine is just talking bull! @carol_lcnixon67: @realdonaldtrump kaine says hillary and he have plans.  she could care less what kaine thinks. @arsenmissyirvin: i want a you're fired president with people in govt who are wasting my tax $'s.  @realdonaldtrump. @mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest! @teamtrump: . @mike_pence & @realdonaldtrump are proven job creators and are prepared to bring jobs back to the american people! @jnelson52722: @realdonaldtrump @susiesentinel kaine looks like an evil crook out of the batman movies@elisac006: @nycmia @realdonaldtrump i agree.  kaine looks like a fool! ! rt @teamtrump: . @timkaine has a pay-to-play problem just like crooked @hillaryclinton #vpdebates #bigleaguetruth  @realdonaldtrump @timkaine is so angry.  our @mike_pence looks great.  kaine can't defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagainrt @mike_pence: there’s one clear choice in this election to create jobs and grow the american economy.  #vpdebate  @joshrogin: pence is right.  clinton & obama tried to negotiate an iraq troop extension but failed.  bush admin always anticipated such an…@susiesentinel: #pence is so much more likeable than kaine #cbsnews @realdonaldtrump@lainey34210: @realdonaldtrump great opening pence💕@roadkingl: @mike_pence wow, kaine couldn't go 12 seconds without a lie.  marines and military are scared of the liar running.  #bengazi. @megynkelly- i am in nevada.  sorry to inform you kellyanne is in the audience.  better luck next time. both are looking good!  now we begin! here we go - enjoy! i will be live-tweeting the v. p.  debate.  very exciting!  make america great again! wow, @cnn is so negative.  their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb.  i'm turning to @foxnews where we get a fair shake!  mike will do greatwow, did you just hear bill clinton's statement on how bad obamacare is.  hillary not happy.  as i have been saying, repeal and replace! join the movement!   you arizona!  this is a movement like nobody has ever seen before.  together, we are going to make america safe…  childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money, more freedom.  #americafirst means…  will be watching the great governor @mike_pence and live tweeting the vp debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est!  enjoy! join me in reno, nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm!  #americafirst #magatickets:  me in reno, nevada on wednesday at 3:30pm at the reno-sparks convention center!  #magatickets:…  you colorado!  #maga  must bring the truth directly to hard-working americans who want to take our country back.  #bigleaguetruth…  you pueblo, colorado!  #trumprally #americafirst  me in henderson, nevada on wednesday at 11:30am!  #maga tickets:  announced that iraq u. s.  is preparing for battle to reclaim mosul.  why do they have to announce this?  makes mission much harder! melania and i extend our warmest greetings to those observing rosh hashanah here in the united states, in israel, and around the world. bernie should pull his endorsement of crooked hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters. @trumplican2016: . @realdonaldtrump  there will be massive turnout for you,  mr.  trump - these polls don't register the pulse of the people! i have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great american prosperity.  hillary has only created jobs at the fbi and doj! i know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them.  #failing@nytimesheading to pennsylvania for a big rally tonight.  we will make america great again! wow, just saw the really bad @cnn ratings.  people don't want to watch bad product that only builds up crooked hillary. the so-called commission on presidential debates admitted to us that the djt audio & sound level was very bad.  so why didn't they fix it? i won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided spin that followed.  this despite the really bad microphone. crooked h is nasty to sanders supporters behind closed doors.  owned by wall st and politicians, hrc is not with you.   believe in #americafirst and that means family first!  my childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas…  you novi, michigan!  get out and vote #trumppence16 on 11/8.  together, we will make america great again! …  you for your support - on my way now!  see you soon.  #trumptrain  me in pueblo, colorado on monday afternoon at 3pm!  #trumprally those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know i will be there, awake, to answer the call! why isn't hillary 50 points ahead?  maybe it's the email scandal, policies that spread isis, or calling millions of…  people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the dallas & arizona papers & now usa today will lose readers!  the people get it! remember, don't believe sources said by the very dishonest media.  if they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist. did crooked hillary help disgusting check out sex tape and past alicia m become a u. s.  citizen so she could use her in the debate? using alicia m in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that crooked hillary suffers from bad judgement!  hillary was set up by a con. wow, crooked hillary was duped and used by my worst miss u.  hillary floated her as an angel without checking her past, which is terrible! anytime you see a story about me or my c saying sources said, do not believe it.  there are no sources, they are just made up lies! wow, did you see how badly @cnn clinton news network is doing in the ratings.  with people like @donlemon, who could expect any more? while hillary profits off the rigged system, i am fighting for you!  remember the simple phrase: #followthemoney…  you for joining me this afternoon, new h will be back soon.  #followthemoneyspeech transcript:…  me in manheim, pennsylvania on saturday at 7pm!  #trumprallytickets:   condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in nj and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders. will be in novi, michigan this friday at 5:00pm.  join the movement!  tickets available at:   me in bedford, new h tomorrow at 3:00pm.  can't wait to see everyone!  #americafirst #maga…  you waukesha, wisconsin!  full transcript of my speech, #followthemoney:  @oreillyfactor from waukesha, wisconsin - now, live!  enjoy! join me live in waukesha, wisconsin for an 8pme rally!  #americafirst #maga you council bluffs, iowa!  will be back soon.  remember- everything you need to know about hillary -- just…  @teamtrump: she put the office of sec of state up for sale.  if she ever got the chance, she’d put the oval office up for sale too.  #fo…an honor to meet with the polish american congress in chicago this morning!  #imwithyou video:…  and i extend our deepest condolences to the family of shimon peres me in council bluffs, iowa- today at 3pm!  #makeamericagreatagain tickets:  on-line poll, time magazine, drudge etc. , has me winning the debate.  thank you to fox & friends for so reporting! my supporters are the best!  $18 million from hard-working people who know what we can be again!  shatter the record:  evening in melbourne, florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in.  tha…  me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the mid-america center in council bluffs, iowa!  tickets:…  again, we will have a government of, by and for the people.  join the movement today!    @gop: on national #voterregistrationday, make sure you're registered to vote so we can #makeamericagreatagain  ht…hillary clinton's c continues to make false claims about foundation disclosure:  time magazine online polls say donald trump won the first presidential debate' via @washtimes.  #maga afternoon in little havana with hispanic community leaders.  thank you for your support!  #imwithyou  the last 24 hrs.  we have raised over $13m from online donations and national call day, and we’re still going!  thank you america!  #magawell, now they're saying that i not only won the nbc presidential forum, but last night the big debate.  nice! thank you for your endorsement, @governorsununu.  #maga  a great honor.  final debate polls are in - and the movement wins! #americafirst #maga #imwithyou…  murders increased 10. 8% in 2015' via @wsj:  you!  #trumpwon #maga  been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change. 'true blue-collar billionaire donald trump shows hillary clinton is out of touch'  #1 trend on twitter right now is #trumpwon - thank you! i won every poll from last nights presidential debate - except for the little watched @cnn poll. 'how trump won over a bar full of undecideds and democrats' really enjoyed the debate last night. crooked hillary says she is going to do so many things. why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years? great debate poll numbers - i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss.  enjoy! thank you!  four new #debatenight polls with the movement winning.  together, we will make america safe & great again…  first presidential debate poll:trump: 80%clinton: 20%join the movement today & lets #maga! …  you!  cnbc #debatenight poll with over 400,000 votes.  trump 61%clinton 39%#americafirst #imwithyou…  #debatenight poll - over 800,000 votes.  thank you!  #americafirst #maga  just said a historic victory for trump.  nice! wow, did great in the debate polls except for @cnn - which i don't watch.  thank you! thank you governor @terrybranstad!  #americafirst #debates2016  you governor @mike_pence! lets make america safe and great again with the american people.  #americafirst…  you senator @tedcruz! #debates2016 #maga  nuclear agreement paved the way for the $400 million ransom payment #debatenight on emails.  nothing on the corrupt clinton foundation.  and nothing on #benghazi.  #debates2016 #debatenight. @hillaryclinton - obama #isis strategy has allowed it to expand to become a global threat #debatenight  @teamtrump: . @realdonaldtrump calling out @hillaryclinton's support for nafta = most searched moment during tonight's debate.  #debates20…russia has more warheads than ever, n korea is testing nukes, and iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs.  thanks, @hillaryclinton. hillary clinton failed all over the world.  ❌libya❌syria❌iran❌iraq❌asia pivot❌russian reset❌benghazi…  @teamtrump: 100% true --&gt; @realdonaldtrump is right - @hillaryclinton did call tpp ‘the gold standard’ #debates2016  clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the iraq war.  #debates2016 #maga  2008 c and supporters trafficked in rumors about obama's heritage #debatenight  @teamtrump: hillary's policies have made america less safe, that's why 200+ general and military leaders have endorsed @realdonaldtrump! …rt @danscavino: jesse jackson on @realdonaldtrump - when he donated space for the rainbow/push coalition.  #debatenight  will stand with police and protect all americans!  #debates2016 #maga  @teamtrump: when @realdonaldtrump is potus, families are going to be safe and secure.  law and order will be restored!  #maga #debates #de…rt @teamtrump: watch: @realdonaldtrump on the stakes in this election #debates2016  is the simple fact about @hillaryclinton: she is a typical politician - all talk, no action.  #debates2016hillary's bad tax habit!   clinton economy = more taxes and more spending!  #debatenight  has been part of the rigged dc system for 30 years?  why would we take policy advice from her?  #debates2016instead of driving jobs and wealth away, america will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati…  channels john kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them.  #tpp #debates2016. @hillaryclinton and obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 yearsrt @teamtrump: a @realdonaldtrump administration will bring jobs back!  #debates2016  isn't hillary clinton 50 points ahead? #debatenight  @danscavino: join @realdonaldtrump on his official social media platforms during tonight's debate ~ as @teamtrump manages rapid response…my team of deplorables will be managing my twitter account for this evenings debate.  tune in! #debatenight #trumppence16rt @kellyannepolls: #polls showing @realdonaldtrump surging, @hillaryclinton #slipping, have her camp on defense/lowering expectations, goi…new national bloomberg poll just released - thank you!  join the movement:  #trumptrain…  sad news: the great arnold palmer, the king, has died.  there was no-one like him - a true ch he will be truly missed. five people killed in washington state by a middle eastern immigrant.  many people died this weekend in ohio from drug overdoses.  n. c.  riots! readout of my meeting with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu:  forward to my meeting with benjamin netanyahu in trump tower at 10:00 a. m. bernie sanders gave hillary the dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails.  that issue has only gotten bigger! many on the team and staff of bernie sanders have been treated badly by the hillary clinton c - and they like trump on trade, a lot! thank you roanoke, virginia - this a movement - join us today! sign up: #americafirst…  dopey mark cuban of failed benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps i will put gennifer flowers right alongside of him! will be back in virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the berglund center in roanoke.  join me!  tickets:…  trump is headed for a win, says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes    @sentedcruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise.  i greatly appreciate his support!  we will have a tremendous victory on november 8th. today is the day!  knock on doors and make calls with us on national day of action!  #trumptrain #maga…  hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to charlotte on saturday to grandstand.  dem pols said no way, dumb! join me in roanoke, virginia tomorrow at the berglund center- coliseum ~ 6pm!  tickets available at:…  trump would stimulate the u. s.  economy' clinton just lost every republican she ever had, including never trump, all farmers & sm.  biz, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%. tomorrow's the day!  knock on doors and make calls with us on national day of action!  #trumptrain #maga…  @dcexaminer: exclusive: how donald trump's 30 million followers are crashing the internet   with governor @patmccrorync of north carolina today.  he is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances. this is more than a c it is a movement.  #makeamericagreatagainsign up today & we will win!   me in roanoke, virginia on saturday evening at 6pm!  #maga be on @foxandfriends now. i will be interviewed from cleveland, ohio, on @seanhannity - tonight at 10:00 p. m.  enjoy! @thallensboucher: @diamondandsilk @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity i love those beautiful gals.  d + s = two amazing women! . @youngdems4trump  thank you! great new polls!  thank you nevada, north carolina & ohio.  join the movement today & lets #maga! …  you toledo, ohio!  it is so important for you to get out and vote on november 8, 2016!  lets make america safe…  @gma: watch: @ivankatrump on women who work; empowering c celebrates modern women.    the violence & unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end.  to those injured, get well soon.  we need unity & leadership. the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic.  we must come together to make america safe again. it is a movement - not a c leaving the past behind, changing our future.  together, we will make america saf…  you kenansville, north carolina!  remember- on november 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a…  you high point, nc!  i will fight for every neglected part of this nation & i will fight to bring us together…  clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest.  sleep well hillary - see you at the debate! heading to north carolina for two big rallies.  will be there soon.  we will bring jobs back where they belong! do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning. thank you nevada!  #americafirst#makeamericagreatagain   you georgia!  #americafirst#makeamericagreatagain   hillary has been fighting isis, or whatever she has been doing, for years.  now she has new ideas.  it is time for change. amazing rally in florida - this is a movement!  join us today at   we will make america safe and great again!  #imwithyou #americafirst  will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from florida, now.  enjoy! philly fop chief on presidential endorsement: clinton ‘blew the police off'  clinton's weakness while she was secretary of state, has emboldened terrorists all over the world. . cont:  again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country & its people- how did he get thru system? great job once again by law enforcement!  we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country! @tarukmatuk: @cnn @foxnews @realdonaldtrump @rogerrice10 refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming.  lots young males, poorly vetted. @angpiazza: @foxandfriends  @realdonaldtrump he's the only candidate that will keep us safe! will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 a. m.   enjoy. terrible attacks in ny, nj and mn this weekend.  thinking of victims, their families and all americans!  we need to be strong! under the leadership of obama & clinton, americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad.  time to change the playbook! happy birthday - to the united states air force! !   @kellyannepolls: more media #polls showing @realdonaldtrump ahead in states pres obama won twice.   would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc. never met but never liked dopey robert gates.  look at the mess the u. s.  is in.  always speaks badly of his many bosses, including obama. heading to colorado for a big rally.  massive crowd, great people!  will be there soon - the polls are looking good. my lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent.  i said no for now, but they are watching.  really disgustingthe failing @nytimes has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly.  they are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag! crazy maureen dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes, pretends she knows me well--wrong! wacky @nytimesdowd, who hardly knows me, makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column.  a neurotic dope! . @cnn just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse.  boring anti-trump panelists, mostly losers in life! i never met former defense secretary robert gates.  he knows nothing about me.  but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster! crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away.  will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail?  maybe not! my thoughts and prayers go out to the @phillypolice & @penn police officers- in philadelphia.   trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever pulled very interesting take from @katiepavlich:  arrived in texas - have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have been shot.  my thoughts and prayers are with them. just leaving miami for houston, oklahoma and colorado.  miami crowd was fantastic! great parade in the villages- i love you all.  we will #maga.  thank you for the incredible support-i will not forget!   am truly honored and grateful for receiving so much support from our american heroes  am now going to the brand new trump international, hotel d. c.  for a major statement. thank you for a great evening - laconia, new h -- will be back soon!  #americafirst  #thedonald's hair gets the #jimmyfallon treatment on #thetonightshow #trumppence16   so true! @jimmyfallon: tonight: @realdonaldtrump, @normmacdonald, a performance by kiiara,and your funniest #myteacherisweird tweets.  #fallontonightinstead of driving jobs and wealth away, america will become the world's great magnet for innovation & job creation!   be joining @jimmyfallon on @fallontonight at 11:35pme tonight.  enjoy! rt @erictrump: what a scary statistic!  americans are working harder and making less!  we need competent leadership!   will be interviewed by @jessebwatters on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm.  enjoy! full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the economic club of new york.  #maga   you @jerryjrfalwell!   you to all of our law enforcement officers - across america!  #lesm #maga   you for having me!  i enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone.  see you soon.  #maga  be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a. m.  enjoy! @ghfanlovessonny: @realdonaldtrump you have my vote in pennsylvania.  trump 2016 thank you! i was never a fan of colin powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in iraq = disaster.  we can do much better! i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am.  enjoy! great poll out of nevada- thank you!  see you soon.  #maga #americafirst  evening in canton, ohio-thank you!  we are going to make america great again!  join us:   to have been interviewed by the very wonderful @bishopwtjackson in detroit last week - tune in at 9pme.  enjoy!   you ohio!  just landed in canton for a rally at the civic center.  join me at 7pm:   you florida- can't wait to see you friday in miami!  join me:  you @atfd17!  #imwithyouvideo:  poll florida - thank you!  #imwithyou #americafirst  you ohio - see you tonight!   took crimea during the so-called obama years.  who wouldn't know this and why does obama get a free pass? why isn't president obama working instead of c for hillary clinton? thank you rep.  @cynthialummis!   you rep.  @marshablackburn!   you @repreneeellmers!   @loudobbs: trump outlines new child-care policy proposals via the @foxnews app @realdonaldtrump seems a candidate of destiny  care reforms that will make america great again! transcript:   @ivankatrump: ivanka penned an op-ed that ran in the @wsj this afternoon, read it here.   @realdonaldtrump  #americafirst  @ivankatrump: ivanka is joining @realdonaldtrump to outline an innovative new child care policy to support american families.  tune in to…thank you clive, iowa!  us today!  together, we will #makeamericagreatagain!   to iowa- join me today at noon!  #makeamericagreatagaintickets:   me in clive, iowa tomorrow at noon!  #americafirst #magatickets:   saw ur speech on twitter.  u give me hope and optimism.  i feel as though i am in the room with u.  i pray 4 ur/our success. just got back from asheville,  north carolina, where we had a massive rally.  the spirit of the crowd was unbelievable.  thank you!   #magastopped by @trumpdc to thank all of the tremendous men & women for their hard work!   be on @cnbc at @7:22.  enjoy! i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a. m. #neverforget seriously failing @nytimes, despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits! hillary clinton just had her 47% moment.  what a terrible thing she said about so many great americans! rt @barackobama: rt if you agree: we need a president who is fighting for all americans, not one who writes off nearly half the country. while hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, i still respect them all! really sad that republicans would allow themselves to be used in a clinton ad.  lindsey graham, romney, flake, sass.  supreme court, remember! wow, hillary clinton was so insulting to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people.  i think it will cost her at the polls! will be in missouri today with melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, phyllis s! @stvzbnk: just watched @tonyschwartz.  obviously tony is a total whack job @realdonaldtrumpjust returned from pensacola, florida, where the crowd was incredible. i havn't seen @tonyschwartz in many years, he hardly knows me.  never liked his style.  super lib, crooked h supporter.  irrelevant dope! dummy writer @tonyschwartz, who wanted to do a second book with me for years i said no, is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted! thank you florida - we are going to make america great again!  join us:  #americafirst  be delivering a major speech tonight - live on @oreillyfactor at 8:10pm from pensacola, florida. thank you ohio.  together, we will make america great again!   honor to be endorsed by popular & successful @gov_gilmore of va.  a state that i very much want to win-thx jim!   america great again! #americafirst #imwithyou  mcmaster, lt.  governor of south carolina who endorsed me, beat failed @cnn announcer bakari sellers, so badly.  funny! rt @erictrump: join @teamtrump on saturday for national day of action as we work to #makeamericagreatagain!    zucker failed @nbc and he is now failing @cnn. . @cnn is unwatchable.  their news on me is fiction.  theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the clinton c documentary of me that @cnn just aired is a total waste of time.  i don't even know many of the people who spoke about me.  a joke! final poll results from nbc on last nights commander-in-chief forum.  thank you!  #imwithyou #maga  wasn't matt lauer that hurt hillary last night.  it was her very dumb answer about emails & the veteran who said she should be in jail. more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum.  #americafirst #trumptrain  nights results - in poll taken by nbc.  #americafirst #imwithyou  luis, mexico and the united states would have made wonderful deals together - where both mexico and the us would have benefitted. mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who i know is highly respected by president peña nieto. hillary clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past.  she is totally confused.  unfit to serve as #potus. hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night.  she's being decimated by the media! rt @danscavino: last nights winner was clear & it will be proven time & time again - lets #maga! !  lets win! !  #trumptrain  rough night for hillary clinton  abc news. wow, reviews are in - thank you! coming up @genflynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriendsthank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night. thank you america - great #commanderinchiefforum polls!   you to our fantastic veterans.  the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great.  nice! thank you peter - if elected, i will think big for our country & never let the american people down!  #americafirst  - thank you pensacola, fl.  see you friday at 7pm -- join me!    trump leads hillary clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll' #americafirst #maga to @parisdennard for standing up to cnn's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending @realdonaldtrump #media biasi will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 11pme @foxnews.  enjoy! thank you north carolina- get out & #votetrump on 11/8/2016! #makeamericagreatagain  meeting with military spouses in virginia- joined by @ivankatrump, @laraleatrump, @genflynn & @mayorrgiuliani.   you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.  #imwithyou  me in pensacola, florida this friday at 7pm!  #votetrump   you!  #votetrump #imwithyou  media never covered hillary’s massive “hacking”or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending.  what’s up? @ler: message for undecided voters: please wake up and vote donaldtrump now!  trump/pence very important save our america before too late! thank you!  #americafirst  a tribute to the late, great phyllis schlafly, i hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, the conservative case for trump. china wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from air force one and then philippines president calls obama the son of a whore.  terrible! the truly great phyllis schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92.  she was very special! thank you ohio!  #americafirst  to youngstown, ohio now- some great polls.  #americafirst  you american legion post 610- for hosting @mike_pence & i for a roundtable with labor leaders.  #laborday #maga  #americafirstvideo:   you believe that the chinese would not give obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac!   obama & putin fail to reach deal on syria - so what else is new?  obama is not a natural deal maker.  only makes bad deals! @osprey675: @miami4trump i followed you because you are a patriot & support @realdonaldtrump, as do i.  #maga by sticking together. @tweak626: i'm at a biker rally in perry, kansasand everyone is a @realdonaldtrump fan.  love it. @ronnieclemmons: @chriscjackson @takouis @realdonaldtrump  trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big@lblackvelvet: @realdonaldtrump we need to show americans that hillary will kill our country ! !  vote for trump ! ! @chernuna: @realdonaldtrump it defies belief the web of lies hillary is spinning!  one excuse after another.  then it's this, then it's that. lyin' hillary clinton told the fbi that she did not know the c markings on documents stood for classified.  how can this be happening? to the african-american community: the democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs.  i will fix it, vote tthe polls are close so crooked hillary is getting out of bed and will c tomorrow. why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails? the great state of arizona, where i just had a massive rally amazing people, has a very weak and ineffective senator, jeff flake.  sad! the republican party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as @jeffflake, if it is going to stop illegal immigration. rt @danscavino: doesn't fit the msm narrative - so they wont share what @realdonaldtrump did for jesse jackson in 1999 - so i will!   @realdonaldtrump @cnn cnn is so biased.  never ever watch them.  trump 2016! ! crooked hillary's v. p.  pick said this morning that i was not aware that russia took over crimea.  a total lie - and taken over during o term! wow, the failing @nytimes has not reported properly on crooked's fbi release.  they are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source. @cnn is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting crooked hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals. great visit to detroit church, fantastic reception, and all @cnn talks about is a small protest outside.  inside a large and wonderful crowd! i am returning to the pensacola bay center in florida- friday, 9/9/16 at 7pm.  join me!    you great faith ministries international, bishop wayne t.  jackson, and detroit!   #imwithyou  new poll iowa - thank you! #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou  visited our trump tower c headquarters last night, after returning from ohio and arizona, and it was packed with great pros - win! people will be very surprised by our ground game on nov.  8.  we have an army of volunteers and people with great spirit!  they want to #maga! just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @morning_joe.  joe a mess! i will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor.  enjoy! i am promising you a new legacy for america.  we're going to create a new american future.  thank you ohio!  #imwithyou  you for having me this morning @americanlegion.  i enjoyed my time with everyone!  #alconvention2016  numbers way up - making big progress! thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night.  thank you also to the great people of arizona! mexico will pay for the wall! under a trump administration, it's called #americafirst!  #imwithyou clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to make america great again!  #americafirst will be no amnesty! #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou will pay for the wall - 100%! #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou @loudobbs: we are watching a leader who for the first time in three presidencies will put america and americans first!  @realdonaldtrump…rt @anncoulter: i hear churchill had a nice turn of phrase, but trump's immigration speech is the most magnificent speech ever given. just arrived in arizona!  #imwithyou trip to mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people!  look forward to our next meeting. hillary clinton didn't go to louisiana, and now she didn't go to mexico.  she doesn't have the drive or stamina to make america great again! former president vicente fox, who is railing against my visit to mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the f bomb. thank you washington!  together, we will make america safe and great again!  #imwithyou #americafirst  have accepted the invitation of president enrique pena nieto, of mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow. rt @rsbnetwork: we are already live in everett, wa for the trump rally.  come join us- our cameras tonight!  #trumpineverett  @drudge_report: reuters poll:  clinton, trump all tied up  you north carolina!  #maga  you america!  #maga  looking forward to seeing you again!  everett to be a packed house!  @realdonaldtrump  @mike_pencefrom day one i said that i was going to build a great wall on the southern border, and much more.  stop illegal immigration.  watch wednesday! join me this thursday in wilmington, ohio at noon!  #imwithyoutickets:   me this wednesday in phoenix, arizona at 6pm!  #imwithyoutickets:   #imwithyou  will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #obamacare!    that african-americans are seeing what a bad job hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want trump! crooked hillary's brainpower is highly overrated. probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by bernie s, she has bad judgementdoes anyone know that crooked hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the bar exams in washington d. c.  she was forced to go elsewhere@pmnorlando: @realdonaldtrump i know of no one voting for crooked hillary!  her rallies are held in blank  & she still has room. @rhondar: thank-you clarence henderson for telling @cnn you know racism & it's not donaldtrump  via @breitbartnews@patrici: crowd at trump rally in akron, ohio is a sea of women, minorities, independents, dems  via @gatewaypunditinner-city crime is reaching record levels.  african-americans will vote for trump because they know i will stop the slaughter going on! look how bad it is getting!  how much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for african-americans and latinos to vote trump=safe! i will be making a major speech on illegal immigration on wednesday in the great state of arizona.  big crowds, looking for a larger venue. i think that both candidates, crooked hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records.  i have no problem in doing so!  hillary? today is the 53rd anniversary of the march on washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity. rt @foxnews: poll: @realdonaldtrump vs.  @hillaryclinton among white evangelicals.   you arizona!  #votetrump  me tuesday in everett, washington at the xfinity arena!  tickets:   @realdonaldtrump america loves trump and @mike_pence -- praying for you every day.  stay strong.  #trumppence2016 #neverhillarynational debt january 2009 = $10. 6 trillionaugust 2016 = $19. 4 trillion  was an honor to have the amazing root family join me in iowa.  i have been so inspired by their courage & bravery.   you iowa!  #imwithyou  landed in iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful senator @joniernst.  look forward to being with all of my friends. my condolences to dwyane wade and his family, on the loss of nykea aldridge.  they are in my thoughts and prayers. dwyane wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in chicago.  just what i have been saying.  african-americans will vote trump! @goldjazz559: #blackmenforbernie leader: #hillary2016 ‘no regard for black race’  via @dailycaller #blacksfortrump@diamondandsilk: crooked hillary getting desperate.  on tv bashing trump.  @cnn, she forgot how she said a kkk member was her mentor. heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the midwest.  coming in from our southern border.  we need strong border & wall! new polls - join the movement today.  #imwithyou  us via our new #americafirst app!  #trumppence16   be in phoenix, arizona on wednesday.  changing venue to much larger one.  demand is unreal.  polls looking great!  #imwithyouthank you @teamtrump florida.  keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters! #makeamericagreatagain   will be interviewed by @kimguilfoyle at 7pm on @foxnews.  #enjoy! army training slide lists hillary clinton as insider threat:  the ‘trumpocrats’: lifelong democrats breaking w/ party over hillary to support donald trump for president:  clinton deleted emails using program intended to prevent recovery #crookedhillary  quickly people forget that crooked hillary called african-american youth super predators - has she apologized? i am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion.  such a big problem for our country-i will solvewonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @msnbc by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @morning_joe.  apologize! what do african-americans and hispanics have to lose by going with me.  look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics.  i will fix it! crooked hillary will never be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the african-american & hispanic communitiesthe clinton's are the real predators your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you.  every amercan knows, you represent hope! ! hillary clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 c #flashbackfriday  company gouging price of epipens is a clinton foundation donor and partner  via dailycaller@foxnation: flashback: hillary clinton praised former kkk member robert byrd as 'friend and mentor':  corruption and her sabotage of the inner cities.  full speech transcript:  clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me.  no policy, and always very short stamina.  media gives her a pass! hrc is using the oldest play in the dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument!  clinton is using race-baiting to try to get african-american voters- but they know she is all talk and no action! hillary clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society.  she should be ashamed of herself! just watched recap of #crookedhillary's speech.  very short and lies.  she is the only one fear-mongering! so many in the african-american community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: i will fix it, promisepoll numbers are starting to look very good.  leading in florida @cnn arizona and big jump in utah.  all numbers rising, national way up.  wow! @trump_videos: . @nigel_farage of the #brexit fame - we can do this!  we can #maga with @realdonaldtrump  and prayers to the great people of indiana.  you will prevail! great governor @mike_pence is in indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck.  true leadership. will be on #hannity @ 10pe @foxnews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #buildthewall & enforce our laws! thank you for your support! #americafirst #imwithyou  great afternoon in t florida.  thank you!  #trumppence16  national poll released.  join the movement & together we will #makeamericagreatagain!    new poll florida - thank you!  #makeamericagreatagain  will not let the families of the remembrance project down!  #makeamericasafeagain thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in italy and myanmar. thank you travis county, texas! #makeamericagreatagain  be participating in a town hall tonight on @seanhannity at 10pme from austin, texas.  enjoy!   austin, texas with some of our amazing border patrol agents.  i will not let them down!    me in t florida- tomorrow at 1pme!  tickets:   obama should have gone to louisiana days ago, instead of golfing.  too little, too late! hillary clinton strongly stated  that there was absolutely no connection between her private work and that of the state department.  lie! it is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in american political history! i am now in texas doing a big fundraiser for the republican party and a @foxnews special on the border and with victims of border crime! the @washingtonpost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories.  don't buy, boring! . @anncoulter's new book, 'in trump we trust, comes out tomorrow.  people are saying it's terrific - knowing ann i am sure it is! just leaving akron, ohio, after a packed rally.  amazing people!  going now to texas. great meeting with active & retired law enforcement officers- at the fraternal order of police lodge in akron, ohio.   on clinton foundation: be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 a. m.  eastern.  enjoy! some day, when things calm down, i'll tell the real story of @joenbc and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika.  two clowns! tried watching low-rated @morning_joe this morning,  unwatchable!  @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess! @realbill2016: @realdonaldtrump @brainykid2010 @shl trump leading la times poll  @shl @realdonaldtrump the ad was actually very good! @55lidsville:  #teamtrump @kellyannepolls you need to show the crowds at the rallies use periscope!  show hc's 139 yt viewers vs dt 38k@sinabunz_tm: @realdonaldtrump trump victory in november!   #maga #trumppence16@jimbos2002:  @morning_joe video: hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel.   heard that @morning_joe was very nice on friday but that little donny d, a big failure in tv & someone i helped, was nasty.  irrelevant! crooked hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on wall street.  media is protecting her! i have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them.  something very big is happening! together, we are going to make america safe and great again!  @realdonaldtrump please oh please take the charlotte nc speech across the swing states .  sooo powerful  good! @j58golf: @realdonaldtrump been a great week.  more of the same will get you in the white house! we will bring america together as one country again – united as americans in common purpose and common dreams.  #magawill be back soon virginia.  we are going to make america great again!  #trumppence16  be interviewed on @judgejeanine at 9:00 p. m.  enjoy! just leaving virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm! thank you @jerryjrfalwell- will see you soon.  #trumppence16  200,000 new followers for @realdonaldtrump.  from 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, all in the last ten days or so!  #maga #alwaystrump. @franklin_graham @billynungesser @samaritanspurse- so humbled by my time w/ you.  you are in our thoughts & prayers.   are one nation.  when one hurts, we all hurt.  we must all work together-to lift each other up. #standwithlouisiana  sleeping! ! ! ! ! thank you michigan.  this is a movement.  we are going to make america safe and great again!  #trumppence16  job by @erictrump on interview with @billhemmer on @foxnews.  #imwithyou #trumptrainthank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night. the reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day.  fortunately, it is a dying newspaper. thank you to nc for last evenings great reception.  the speech was a great success.  heading now to louisiana & another speech tonight in mi. we are one nation.  when one state hurts, we all hurt.  we must all work together - to lift each other up.   you charlotte, north carolina! #makeamericagreatagain  we will make america great again!   #throwbackthursday  will soon be calling me mr.  brexit! i will be doing a town hall tonight at 10:00 p. m.  on @seanhannity - @foxnewswill be participating in a town hall event- hosted by @seanhannity tonight at 10pme on @foxnews.  enjoy!   are going to make this a government of the people once again! #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou will repeal & replace #obamacare, which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases.  it is a disaster!   vote for hillary clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, & lost opportunities.  #imwithyou #imwithyou you governor @scottwalker & @gop chairman @reince priebus.  #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou me in north carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm!  #imwithyou tickets:  #imwithyouvideo:   #imwithyoutranscript:  be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pme - delivering an important speech live from wisconsin.  #makeamericagreatagainjust as we won the cold war, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets. cont:  is my pledge to the american people:  just a 2-point race, clinton 38%, trump 36%'  health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on #obamacare plans. ' only the beginning!    refugee plan could bring in 620,000 refugees in first term at lifetime cost of over $400 billion.    republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the u. s. supreme court get proper appointments.  sad! stay on message is the chant.  i always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd a, repeal ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents! i have always been the same person-remain true to self. the media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so! it is not freedom of the press when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false! i am not only fighting crooked hillary, i am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process.  people get it! crooked hillary clinton is being protected by the media.  she is not a talented person or politician.  the dishonest media refuses to expose! my rallies are not covered properly by the media.  they never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm. if the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words i say, i would be beating hillary by 20%the failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that i am saying to advisers that i will change.  false, i am who i am-never saidthe failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened.  their reporting is fiction.  the media protects hillary! @zulu_out: you are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people #makeamericagreatagain #usa loves u thanks@pauladuvall2: we're all enjoying you, as well, mr.  t. !  you've inspired hope and a positive spirit throughout america!  god bless you!  nice@need2knowu:  @willspeakout yes you are my hero i admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for america! ! ! we now have confirmation as to one reason crooked h wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - pay-for-play.  how can she run for pres. @willspeakout: thank you for all that you are doing for us!  you c endlessly and have spent millions. we love you!  #trumptrain thanksi am truly enjoying myself while running for president.  the people of our country are amazing - great numbers on november 8th! the failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction.  their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources.  very dishonest! will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm, hosted by @govmikehuckabee.  enjoy! thank you erie, pennsylvania!  together we will #makeamericagreatagain!   support in florida last night - thank you!  #maga  gained tremendous strength during hillary clinton's term as secretary of state.  when will the dishonest media report the facts! i love watching these poor, pathetic people pundits on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out.  they can't! a massive tax increase will be necessary to fund crooked hillary clinton's agenda.  what a terrible and boring rollout that was yesterday! @laurencristmann: thank you for coming to pennsylvania today.  i will be there with @c_lynne_ryan your 3rd cd delegate at 2 pmratings challenged @cnn reports so seriously that i call president obama and clinton the founder of isis, & mvp.  they don't get sarcasm? @enemywithinn: @realdonaldtrump @elsolarverde @nytimes people gotta stop believing media lies about trump.  that would indeed be nice! @elsolarverde: the corrupt media creats controversy against @realdonaldtrump to avoid issues about hillaryclinton   everything coming from this administration is a lie.  only @realdonaldtrump will change itwill be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm.  enjoy! this is no surprise.  constant phony reporting from failing @cnn turns everyone off.  the american people get it!   you fort lauderdale, florida.  #makeamericagreatagain  job today by the nypd in protecting the people and saving the climber. reuters just announced that secret service never spoke to me or my c made up story by @cnn is a hoax.  totally dishonest. @dsf2020: really admire your determination: working so hard for all americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased media. #makeamericagreatagain!   you abingdon, virginia!  #makeamericagreatagain   such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by low ratings @cnn. great meeting w/ coal miners & leaders from the virginia coal industry- thank you!  #maga  will be interviewed on @greta tonight at 7pm.  enjoy!   thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in sebastian county, arkansas.  #lesmmorning joe's weakness is its low ratings.  i don't watch anymore but i heard he went wild against rudy giuliani and #2a - sad & irrelevant! . @dbongino  you were fantastic in defending both the second amendment and me last night on @cnn.  don lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock@dbongino: ‘now cut off my mic! ’ bongino refuses to be bullied by don lemon over trump, 2nd amendment – heated!   desperate to distract from clinton's anti-2a stance.  i said pro-2a citizens must organize and get out vote to save our constitution! when is the media going to talk about hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like libya, open borders, and maybe her emails? thank you senator @chuckgrassley!  #trumppence16 you @senatorfischer!  #trumppence16 you wilmington, north carolina! #makeamericagreatagain  @nra: but there is something we will do on #electionday: show up and vote for the #2a!  #defendthesecond #neverhillaryrt @nra: . @realdonaldtrump is right.  if @hillaryclinton gets to pick her anti-#2a #scotus judges, there’s nothing we can do.  #neverhillaryrt @carl_c_icahn: 2/2  how many of our presidents, even our great presidents, would have handled the antics that went on in that auditorium…rt @carl_c_icahn: 1/2   believe trump gave a great speech. @linhen23:  @foxandfriends loved trump's answers to voters questions this morning!  trump's economic plan will help #maga #neverhillary@sprts08: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends great interview. . all solid points on our economy trump2016i am running against the washington insiders, just like i did in the republican primaries.  these are the people that have made u. s.  a mess! will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now! being in detroit today was wonderful.  quick stop in ohio to meet with some of our great supporters.  just got back home! rt @fieldoffight: we can do better, we must do better, we will do better by ltg r keith kellogg and ltg r michael flynn @genflynn  senator clinton promised 200,000 jobs in upstate new york - her efforts fell flat. '   people are saying that the iranians killed the scientist who helped the u. s.  because of hillary clinton's hacked emails. thank you newt!    you congressman steven palazzo!    you senator david perdue!   you @reploubarletta!   you @nfib- together we will #makeamericagreatagain!    you!    you alex!    @nfib: . @nfib encouraged by @realdonaldtrump’s #taxplan, says #smallbiz would benefit from lower tax rate:  economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 p. m.  enjoy! join me in fayetteville, north carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm.  tickets now available at:  will media apologize to trump?   morell, the lightweight former acting director of c. i. a. , and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total clinton flunky! the media is going crazy.  they totally distort so many things on purpose.  crimea, nuclear, the baby and so much more.  very dishonest! rt @drudge_report: clinton email led to execution in iran?   see where mayor stephanie rawlings-blake of baltimore is pushing crooked hard.  look at the job she has done in baltimore.  she is a joke! thank you windham, new h #trumppence16 #maga  - 'donald trump is the middle-class growth candidate' am not just running against crooked hillary clinton, i am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but i will win! #crookedhillary is not fit to be our next president!  #trumppence16  to new h - will be talking about hillary saying her brain short circuited, and other things! anybody whose mind short circuits is not fit to be our president!  look up the word brainwashed. crooked hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she short circuited when answering a question on her e-mails.  very dangerous! hillary clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions.  let us all see what happens! good luck #teamusa#openingceremony #rio2016  is right about violent crime: it’s on the rise in major cities' you green bay, wisconsin!  governor @mike_pence and i will be back soon.  #trumppence16 #maga  let hillary clinton do it again! #trumppence16 you des moines, iowa!  governor @mike_pence and i appreciate your support!  #maga #trumptrain   @drudge_report: former hostage says plane waited until money arrived  @drudge_report: 'win-lose deal that benefits iran and hurts united states'  clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as president.  plane i saw on television was the hostage plane in geneva, switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to iran! president obama refuses to answer question about iran terror funding.   i won't dodge questions as your president.   disastrous judgment gave us isis, rise of iran, and the worst economic numbers since the great depression! president obama should ask the dnc about how they rigged the election against bernie. see you tomorrow w/ gov.  @mike_pence, iowa & wisconsin!  3pm- 7pm-   you portland, maine!  #makeamericagreatagain   226th birthday to the united states coast guard.  thank you @uscg!  #coastguardday  meeting all of you.  this group knocked on 50k doors & counting here in maine, thank you!  @mainegop   forward to ia & wi with gov.  pence, tomorrow.  join us!  #maga  you jacksonville, florida! #makeamericagreatagain   you for your support of my candidacy!  #maga #imwithyou  you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in daytona beach, florida!  #lesm #maga  you daytona beach, florida! #makeamericagreatagain  @mike_pence: join me in colorado, today!  look forward to seeing you! denver- 2pmcolorado springs- 6pm incompetent secretary of state, hillary clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to iran.  scandal! there is great unity in my c perhaps greater than ever before.  i want to thank everyone for your tremendous support.  beat crooked h! great day in virginia.  crowd was fantastic! my daughter @ivankatrump will be on @greta tonight at 7pm.  enjoy!   raises questions about ‘clinton cash’ from russians during ‘reset'  obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states! rt @gatewaypundit: democrat fire marshal turns thousands of trump supporters away at columbus rally  via @gatewaypun…#icymi: john podesta’s brother pocketed $180,000 from putin’s uranium company:    me in florida tomorrow!  #makeamericagreatagain daytona | 3pm- jacksonville | 7pm-  in response to president obama's failed leadership:  you virginia!  #imwithyou  washington post calls out #crookedhillary for what she really is.  a pathological liar!  watch that nose grow!   afternoon in ohio & a great evening in pennsylvania - departing now.  see you tomorrow virginia!   leaving mechanicsburg, pa.  incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic!  will be back soon.  #maga  @danscavino: . @realdonaldtrump stops by overflow room in mechanicsburg, pennsylvania- prior to main rally.  #trumpmovement #maga🇺🇸  numbers of manufacturing jobs in pennsylvania have moved to mexico and other countries.  that will end when i win! thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words, very much appreciated. join me in florida on wednesday!  daytona & jacksonville:daytona | 3pm- jacksonville | 7pm-  the gop convention, cnn cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence.  they don’t want them heard.   will cnn do a segment on hillary’s plan to increase syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost? hillary clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays & refuses to speak out against radical islam. hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to isis.  silence at cnn.   hillary clinton is 100% owned by her donors.  #imwithyou #maga  you columbus, ohio!  i will be back soon.  #imwithyou #maga  you oklahoma & virginia!  #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou  believe cnn these days almost as little as they believe hillary. that's really saying something! the people who support hillary sit behind cnn anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life. will cnn send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt hillary? when will we see stories from cnn on clinton foundation corruption and hillary's pay-for-play at state department? cnn anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs. cnn will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for hillary clinton. join governor mike pence in reno, nevada- tonight at 7pm!  tickets available at:   with all of the obama tough talk on russia and the ukraine, they have already taken crimea and continue to push.  that's what i said! when i said in an interview that putin is not going into ukraine, you can mark it down, i am saying if i am president.  already in crimea! this story is not about mr.  khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather radical islamic terrorism and the u. s.  get smart! mr.  khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the dnc and is now all over t. v.  doing the same - nice! wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us.  the failing @nytimes is a joke.  @cnn is laughable! @realjameswoods:  without absolutely owning the liberal media, hillaryclinton wouldn't stand a chance.  #voterfraud and #msm her only hope. the dishonest media is fawning over the democratic convention.  i wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than crooked h? i was viciously attacked by mr.  khan at the democratic convention.  am i not allowed to respond?  hillary voted for the iraq war, not me! captain khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about radical islamic terror and the weakness of our leaders to eradicate it! nielson media research final numbers on acceptance speech: trump  32. 2 million.   clinton 27. 8 million.   thank you! thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the republican national convention #1 over crooked hillary and dems. can you imagine if i had the small crowds that hillary is drawing today in pennsylvania.  it would be a major media event!  @cnn @foxnewsnato commander agrees members should pay up via @dcexaminer: nato's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must pay their bills.  this is a general i will like! the rust belt was created by politicians like the clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like mexico.  end! crooked's stop in johnstown, pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with bill, vp#crookedhillary = obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.   is that crooked hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in pennsylvania.  perhaps it is because her husband signed nafta? i turned down a meeting with charles and david koch.  much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better! why doesn't the media want to report that on the two big thursdays when crooked hillary and i made our speeches - republican's won ratings#crookedhillary  hillary clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes.  a formula for disaster! violent crime is rising across the united states, yet the dnc convention ignored it.  crime reduction will be one of my top priorities. just got back from colorado.  the love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible.  big crowds! while i am in oh & pa - you can also join @mike_pence in nevada on mon! carson city: reno:  me monday in columbus, ohio & harrisburg, pennsylvania!  #maga3pm in oh: 7pm in pa:  homeownership rate in q2 2016 was 62. 9% - lowest rate in 51yrs.  we will bring back the  'american dream! '  are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years.  i want change - crooked hillary clinton does not. hillary can never win over bernie supporters.  her foreign wars, nafta/tpp support & wall street ties are driving away millions of votes. colorado was amazing yesterday!  so much support.  our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to colorado and the whole country. @patrioticpepe: @realdonaldtrump only trump can unite america and fix obama's mistakes! ! !  #trump2016  you denver, colorado!  #makeamericagreatagain!   usual, hillary & the dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major nfl games.  same as last time w/ bernie.  unacceptable! #crookedhillary job application  clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement & insticts. thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in colorado! #makeamericagreatagain #lesm  you colorado springs.  get out & vote #trumppence16 in november!   a reagan or a trump-like figure in the white house will achieve this goal.   bill is tired of the lies, sad!   me in colorado springs at 2pm- or in denver tonight at 7pm! colorado springs: denver:  bernie sanders really thinks of crooked hillary clinton.   am watching crooked hillary speak.  same old stuff, our country needs change! wow, my c is hearing from more and more bernie supporters that they will never support crooked hillary.  she sold them out, v. p.  pick! in hillary clinton's america - things get worse.  #trumppence16  dishonest media didn't mention that bernie sanders was very angry looking during crooked's speech.  he wishes he didn't make that deal! thank you!  facebook: instagram:   hillary said that i couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political c really,i just beat 16 people and am beating her! if michael bloomberg ran again for mayor of new york, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!   #neverhillarylittle michael bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me.  his last term as mayor was a disaster! general john allen, who i never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against isis.  his record = bad  #neverhillarycrooked hillary clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech.  many of her statements were lies and fabrications! join @mike_pence at the university of northwestern ohio- tonight at 7pm.  tickets:  i believe in science dem code for we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturingc statement:  policemen just shot in san diego, one dead.  it is only getting worse.  people want law and order! crooked hillary clinton made up facts about me, and forgot to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream! the media coverage this morning of the very average clinton speech and convention is a joke.  @cnn and the little watched @morning_joe = sad! no one has worse judgement than hillary clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes. hillary's wars in the middle east have unleashed destruction, terrorism and isis across the world. hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety. hillary will never reform wall street.  she is owned by wall street! our way of life is under threat by radical islam and hillary clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words. hillary's refusal to mention radical islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country. departing now - thank you cedar rapids, iowa.  this is a movement!    warn not to underestimate trump's potential win to be back in iowa!  #tbt with @jerryjrfalwell joining me in davenport- this past winter.  #maga  household income is down for the middle class since obama took office.  it will only go further down under clinton. a vote for clinton-kaine is a vote for tpp, nafta, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees. america's future caved!   poll: donald trump sees 17-point positive swing in two weeks - breitbart  @realdonaldtrump  great! rt @mike_pence: good morning!  join me in lima, ohio - tomorrow evening at 7pm.  #magatickets:  @piersmorgan: trump makes a funny, obvious joke about russia going after hillary's emails & u. s.  media goes insane with fury. he plays t…rt @drudge_report: obama refers to himself 119 times during hillary nominating speech  obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist.  70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction.  #dnc@trumplican2016: @realdonaldtrump @davidwohl stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the people@davidwohl: barack is offended that @realdonaldtrump will demand that #nato allies pay their fair share.  #demsinphillyour country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair. shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year.  we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers! join me live in toledo, ohio! #makeamericagreatagain  you pennsylvania! #makeamericagreatagain   you to our amazing law enforcement officers!  #maga  right: illegal families crossing border set to double, 51,152 so far new poll - thank you! #makeamericagreatagain  russia or any other country or person has hillary clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the fbi! join our next vice president, @mike_pence in wisconsin tonight & michigan thursday! mi: wi:  one american flag on the massive stage at the democratic national convention until people started complaining-then a small one.  patheticour not very bright vice president, joe biden, just stated that i wanted to carpet bomb the enemy.  sorry joe, that was ted cruz! crooked hillary clinton wants to flood our country with syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about.  the danger is massive.  no! hopefully the violent and vicious killing by isis of a beloved french priest is causing people to start thinking rationally.  get tough! the democratic convention has paid zero respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country.  no recognition - sad! funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing dems narrative that russia is working for me because putin said trump is a genius.  america 1st! as i have been saying, crooked hillary will approve the job killing tpp after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv. just like i have warned from the beginning, crooked hillary clinton will betray you on the tpp.   of bernie's supporters have left the arena.  did bernie go home and go to sleep? i hate to say it, but the republican convention was far more interesting with a much more beautiful set than the democratic convention! no matter what bill clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible.  highly overrated! you have no idea what my strategy on isis is, and neither does isis a good thing.  please get your facts straight - thanks.  @megynkellyfor the record, i have zero investments in russia. in order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the wikileakes disaster, the dems said maybe it is russia dealing with trump.  crazy! dems don't want to talk isis b/c hillary's foreign interventions unleashed isis & her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here. bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed! the invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for crooked hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar! thank you new h #makeamericagreatagain  us in toledo, ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm!  #trumppence16 #magatickets:   us tomorrow in scranton, pennsylvania at 3pm! #trumppence16 #maga tickets:   bombed last night!  sad to watch. why aren't the democrats speaking about isis, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order.  the republican convention was greatfunny, if you listen to @foxnews, the democrats did not have a good day.  if you listen to the other two, they are fawning.  what a differencebernie sanders totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton.  all of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it!  waste of time. elizabeth warren, often referred to as pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about crooked hillary, who she always hated! sad to watch bernie sanders abandon his revolution.  we welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs. if cory booker is the future of the democratic party, they have no future!  i know more about cory than he knows about himself. i was at @foxnews and met juan williams in passing.   he asked if he could have pictures taken with me.  i said fine.  he then trashes on air! hard to believe that bernie sanders has done such a complete fold.  he got nothing for all of the time, energy and money.  the v. p.  a joke! while bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers. clinton betrayed bernie voters.  kaine supports tpp, is in pocket of wall street, and backed iraq war. thank you ohio!  #trumppence16  you roanoke, virginia- be back soon!  #trumppence16  america safe and great again!  #trumppence16    poll numbers are coming out all over.  people don't want another four years of obama, and crooked hillary would be even worse.  #magathe state of florida is so embarrassed by the antics of crooked hillary clinton and debbie wasserman schultz that they will vote for change! wow, the republican convention went so smoothly compared to the dems total mess.  but fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn! here we go again with another clinton scandal, and e-mails yet can you believe.  crooked hillary knew the fix was in, b never had a chance! crooked hillary clinton knew everything that her servant was doing at the dnc - they just got caught, that's all!  they laughed at bernie. if bernie sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same. thank you!  #makeamericagreatagain  was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened! how much bad judgement was on display by the people in dnc in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against bernie! the new joke in town is that russia leaked the disastrous dnc e-mails, which should never have been written stupid, because putin likes mewatched crooked hillary clinton and tim kaine on 60 minutes.  no way they are going to fix america's problems.  isis & all others laughing! the ratings for the republican national convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great.  thank you! the highly neurotic debbie wasserman schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a crooked hillary victory, she's out! the democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing!  e-mails say the rigged system is alive & well! even though bernie sanders has lost his energy and his strength, i don't believe that his supporters will let crooked hillary off the hook! crooked hillary clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, dws.  too bad bernie flamed outif the republican convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player.  bernie, media would go wildthe @cnn panels are so one sided, almost all against trump.  @foxnews is so much better and the ratings are much higher.  don't watch cnn! i always said that debbie wasserman schultz was overrated.  the dems convention is cracking up and bernie is exhausted, no energy left! today proves what i have always known, that @reince priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not debbie wasserman shultz @dwstweets. sorry folks, but bernie sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer.  he is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and dnc disrespect.  sad! there is no longer a bernie sanders political revolution.  he is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end! an analysis showed that bernie sanders would have won the democratic nomination if it were not for the super delegates. looks like the bernie people will fight.  if not, their blood, sweat and tears was a total waste of time.  kaine stands for opposite! wow, president obama's brother, malik, just announced that he is voting for me.  was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else! bernie sanders started off strong, but with the selection of kaine for v. p. , is ending really weak.  so much for a movement!  total disrespectthe crooked hillary v. p.  choice is very disrespectful to bernie sanders and all of his supporters.  just another case of bad judgement by h! #makeamericagreatagain#trumppence16  @realdonaldtrump dinesh d'sousa hillary's america.  see it@olimauritania: @realdonaldtrump kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals  #hillarykaine2016thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on thursday night.  from the heart! the wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud! just saw crooked hillary and tim kaine together.  isis and our other enemies are drooling.  they don't look presidential to me! i will bring jobs back and get wages up.  people haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years.  clinton killed jobs! tim kaine has been praising the trans pacific partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved.  job killer! funny that the democrats would have their convention in pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs.  i will bring jobs back! crooked hillary clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in pennsylvania.  against steelworkers and miners.  husband signed nafta. leaked e-mails of dnc show plans to destroy bernie sanders.  mock his heritage and much more.  on-line from wikileakes, really vicious.  riggedpocahontas wanted v. p.  slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the senate.  also, crooked hillary hates her! tim kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks.  bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice.  bernie fought for nothing! the bernie sanders supporters are furious with the choice of tim kaine, who represents the opposite of what bernie stands for.  philly fight? @theresa_cali: @realdonaldtrump general michael flynn will make a great secretary of defense when you become potus!  #makeamericasafeagaini highly recommend the just out book - the field of fight - by general michael flynn.  how to defeat radical islam. is it the same kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while governor of virginia and didn't get indicted while bob m did? another attack, this time in germany.  many killed.  god bless the people of munich. one of the best produced, including the incredible stage & set, in the history of conventions.  great unity!  big t. v.  ratings!  @karlrovethank you cleveland.  we love you and will be back many times! what a great four days in cleveland.  so proud of the great job done by the rnc and all.  the police and secret service were fantastic! make america safe and great again!  #rncincle acceptance of the nomination!  #trumppence16  can watch 360 video live from the podium!   #rncincle #trumpiswithyou #makeamericagreatagainthis is a movement!  #rncincle  you @donaldjtrumpjr.  proud of you!  #rncincle #trumppence2016  job @ivankatrump!  #rncincle than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is very united.  great love in the arena! ted cruz talks about the constitution but doesn't say that if the dems win the presidency, the new justices appointed will destroy us all! i am soooo proud of my children, don, eric and tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible.  ivanka intros me tonight! great job @erictrump!  proud of you! #americafirst #rncincle  america great again!   was packed, totally electric! . @mike_pence was fantastic tonight.  will be a great v. p. our next vice president of the united states of america, gov.  @mike_pence! #gopincle #gopconvention#americafirst  ted cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge!  i saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway.  no big deal! great job @erictrump!  proud of you!  #americafirst #rncincle  you @scottwalker!  #americafirst #rncincle  you to governor @scottwalker for such warm support.  great speech! thank you @ingrahamangle!  #americafirst  #rncincle  the #gopconvention#americafirst #rncinclejohn kasich was never asked by me to be v. p.  just arrived in cleveland - will be a great two days! statement on melania speech media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of melania's speech than the fbi spent on hillary's emails. good news is melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press! in november, i think the people of ohio will remember that the republicans picked cleveland instead of going to another state.  jobs! bill hemmer of @foxnews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena.  more than in past years. congratulations to my children, don and tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night.  i am very proud of you! such a great honor to be the republican nominee for president of the united states.  i will work hard and never let you down!  america first! the roll call is beginning at the republican national convention.  very exciting! #makeamericaworkagain #trumppence16 #rncincle  #trumppence16 #rncincle    democrats are coming to trump.  i used to be proud of the dem party.  no more it is crooked and not for the people. it was truly an honor to introduce my wife, melania.  her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible.  very proud!  #gopconventionwill be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:30pm @foxnews- prior to melania's speech at the #gopconvention.  tune in- she will do great!  #rncincle#makeamericasafeagain! #gopconvention #rncincle   other than low ratings @cnn have been very fair and exciting! . @cnn is the worst. they go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for trump!  vast majority want: make america great again! looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, melania.  place looks beautiful! thank you mahoning county, ohio!  see you soon!  #makeamericasafeagain   @foxandfriends: still ahead: @realdonaldtrump joins us at 7am/et!  #rncincle  obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue.  our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse! our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching.  we are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough! @60minutes: donaldtrump and his running mate @mike_pence to appear on #60minutes in first joint interview.  cbs  will be on @60minutes tonight at 7:00 p. m.  with mike pence talking about law and order and many other subjects!  bad times for divided usa! we are trying to fight isis, and now our own people are killing our police.  our country is divided and out of control.  the world is watchingwe grieve for the officers killed in baton rouge today.  how many law enforcement and people have to ratings at @foxnews blow away the ratings of @cnn - not even close.  that's because cnn is the clinton news network and people don't like. @foxnews is much better, and far more truthful, than @cnn, which is all negative.  guests are stacked for crooked hillary!  i don't watch. if goofy elizabeth warren, a very weak senator, didn't lie about her heritage being native american she would be nothing today.  pick her hi hope that crooked hillary picks goofy elizabeth warren, sometimes referred to as pocahontas, as her v. p.  then we can litigate her fraud! it doesn't matter that crooked hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made.  bernie said she has bad judgement! as the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country and world is in - crooked hillary clinton led obama into bad decisions! we are going to have a great time in cleveland.  will lead to special results for our country.  we will make america great again! goofy elizabeth warren, who may be the least productive senator in the u. s.  senate, must prove she is not a fraud.  without the con it's overthank you to jack morgan, tamara neo, cheryl ann kraft and all of my friends and supporters in virginia.  great job! @trumpdoonbeg: great news!  we've been nominated for ireland's best golf hotel 2016. we would appreciate your vote!   you to chris cox and bikers for trump - your support has been amazing.  i will never forget.  make america great again! thank you!  #trumppence16  hillary clinton is bought and paid for by wall street, lobbyists and special interests.  she will sell our country down the tubes! very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, crooked hillary clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money! crooked hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a disaster on foreign policy.  look what's happening! crooked hillary is spending big wall street money on ads saying i don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have donelook forward to introducing governor mike pence who has done a spectacular job in the great state of indiana.  my first choice from start! look forward to governor mike pence v. p.  introduction tomorrow in new york city. i am pleased to announce that i have chosen governor mike pence as my vice presidential running mate.  news conference tomorrow at 11:00 a. m. four more years of weakness with a crooked hillary administration is not acceptable.  look what has happened to the world with o & hillary! #nevertrump is never more.  they were crushed last night in cleveland at rules committee by a vote of 87-12.  make america great again! my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice, france.  we are with you in every way! in light of the horrible attack in nice, france, i have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my vice presidential announcement. another horrific attack, this time in nice, france.  many dead and injured.  when will we learn?  it is only getting worse. i employ many people in the state of virginia - jobs, jobs, jobs!  crooked hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with nafta. another new poll.  thank you for your support!  join the movement today!  #imwithyou   new poll- thank you america! #trump2016 #imwithyou  will be making the announcement of my vice presidential pick on friday at 11am in manhattan.  details to follow. if i win the presidency, we will swamp justice ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions! even the @nytimes and @washingtonpost editorial boards condemned justice ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach.  what was she thinking? is supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct?  big mistake by an incompetent judge! on my way to san diego to raise money for the republican party.  i am spending a lot myself and also helping others. voters understand that crooked hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity. despite spending $500k a day on tv ads alone #crookedhillary falls flat in nationwide @quinnipiacpoll.  having zero impact.  sad! ! lyin' crooked hillary's email stories all have one thing in common.   president obama trying to destroy israel with all his bad moves?  think about it and let me know! the republican platform is most pro-israel of all time! new gop platform now includes language that supports the border wall.  we will build the wall and make america safe again! #crookedhillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in florida, ohio, & pennsylvania.  i haven't started yet!   you florida, ohio, and pennsylvania!  #crookedhillary is not qualified.  #imwithyou  you!  #imwithyou  ginsburg of the u. s.  supreme court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me.  her mind is shot - resign! thank you indiana!  #trump2016  you iowa- see you soon! #trump2016 #imwithyou   will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @foxnews at 8pm.  enjoy! the american people agree.  no free pass for #crookedhillary!   all the bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals & global special interests, we welcome you with open arms.  people first. bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-tpp pro-wall street crooked hillary clinton. bernie sanders endorsing crooked hillary clinton is like occupy wall street endorsing goldman sachs. #crookedhillary is not qualified!  am somewhat surprised that bernie sanders was not true to himself and his supporters.  they are not happy that he is selling out! bernie sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton.  he will endorse her today - fans angry! this election is a choice between law, order & safety - or chaos, crime & violence.  i will make america safe again for everyone.  #imwithyoufor too many years, our inner cities have been left behind.  i am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need. crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse.  look what is going on in chicago and our inner cities.  not good! #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou  united states district judge robert e.  payne today ruled in favor of trump c delegates who had argued. .  on veterans' reform: poll- florida!  thank you!   and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the berrien county courthouse in st.  joseph, michigan. join me in westfield, indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm!  #trump2016 tickets:   heard that the underachieving john king of @cnn on inside politics was one hour of lies.  happily, few people are watching - dead network! the media is so dishonest.  if i make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish. they think the public is stupid! president obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think.  he is living in a world of the make believe! look what is happening to our country under the weak leadership of obama and people like crooked hillary clinton.  we are a divided nation! new poll - thank you!  #trump2016  to go @serenawilliams  - you are a true ch proud of you! make america safe again!   it sad that on a day of national tragedy hillary clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @cnn? due to the horrific events taking place in our country, i have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in miami. last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 dallas law enforcement officers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our countryafter today, crooked hillary can officially be called lyin' crooked hillary. thank you speaker @pryan! #americafirst #trump2016     you rep.  collins!  #trump2016  leaving d. c.  had great meetings with republicans in the house and senate.  very interesting day!  these are people who love our country! great being in cincinnati, ohio last night- thank you!  off to washington d. c.  now.  #trump2016 #americafirst  is the outrage for this disney book?  is this the 'star of david' also?  dishonest media!  #frozen  all of my twitter followers, please contribute whatever you can to the c we must beat crooked hillary.   speaker schedule to be released tomorrow.  let today be devoted to crooked hillary and the rigged system under which we live. i have over seven million hits on social media re crooked hillary clinton.  check it out sleepy eyes, @markhalperin @nbcpoliticssleepy eyes chuck todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again. he could not have watched my standing ovation speech in n. c. even the once great caesars is bankrupt in a. c.  others to follow.  ask the democrat city council what happened to atlantic city. hillary clinton should ask why the democrat pols in atlantic city made all the wrong moves - convention center, airport - and destroyed cityi made a lot of money in atlantic city and left 7 years ago, great timing as all know.  pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies. crooked hillary clinton lied to the fbi and to the people of our country.  she is sooooo guilty.  but watch, her time will come! the rigged system may have helped hillary clinton escape criminal charges, but  hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement. crooked hillary clinton and her team were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information.  not fit! crooked hillary clinton is unfit to serve as president of the u. s.  her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong.  bad judgement! i don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed crooked hillary to get away with murder.  come november 8, she's out! raised a lot of money for the republican party.  there will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning.  lots of support!  wini will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @foxnews at 11pm.  enjoy! my son, @erictrump will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10pm on @foxnews.  enjoy! looking forward to meeting with @senbobcorker in a little while.  we will be traveling to north carolina together today. fbi director said crooked hillary compromised our national security.  no charges.  wow!  #riggedsystemthe system is rigged.  general petraeus got in trouble for far less.  very very unfair!  as usual, bad judgment. it was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday.  she has done a fantastic job for the people of iowa and u. s.  will see her again! taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the c trail by president obama and crooked hillary.  a total disgrace! on @foxnews at 7:00 p. m.  special: meet the trumps hope you enjoy! why is president obama allowed to use air force one on the c trail with crooked hillary?  she is flying with him tomorrow.  who pays? with hillary and obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse.  politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - radical islam! crooked hillary clinton is guilty as hell but the system is totally rigged and corrupt!  where are the 33,000 missing e-mails? the only people who are not interested in being the v. p.  pick are the people who have not been asked! i look forward to meeting @joniernst today in new jersey.  she has done a great job as senator of iowa! spent time with indiana governor mike pence and family yesterday.  very impressed, great people! senator tom cotton was great on meet the press yesterday.  despite a totally one-sided interview by chuck todd, the end result was solid! dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the star of david rather than a sheriff's star, or plain star! happy 4th of july!  #trump2016 #americafirst   hillary will never be able to handle the complexities and danger of isis - it will just go on forever.  we need change! the third mass attack slaughter in days by isis.  200 dead in baghdad, worst in many years.  we do not have leadership that can stop this! in bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by isis terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the koran.  20 were killed! i believe that crooked hillary sent bill to have the meeting with the u. s. a. g.  so bill is not in trouble with h except that he got caught! the secret meeting between bill clinton and the u. s. a. g.  in back of closed plane was heightened with fbi shouting go away, no pictures. does anybody really believe that bill clinton and the u. s. a. g.  talked only about grandkids and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac? the system is rigged! on saturday a great man, elie wiesel, passed away. the world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil! crooked hillary clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the u. s. a. g.  to work out a deal.  the system is totally rigged & corrupt! only a fool would believe that the meeting between bill clinton and the u. s. a. g.  was not arranged or that crooked hillary did not know. just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me chuck todd, and the entire show, is against me. the good news-the people get it! it was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against crooked hillary clinton.  like i said, the system is totally rigged! it is impossible for the fbi not to recommend criminal charges against hillary clinton.  what she did was wrong!  what bill did was stupid! thank you @greta.  #imwithyou  you for your support! #americafirst #leadright2016   @gop: reminder: last year, clinton pledged she had turned over all work-related email under penalty of perjury ⬇️  you!  #americafirst  i become the next potus- they will not be ignoring!  #americafirst  hillary -- makes history!  #imwithyou #americafirst  #2a to our constitution is clear.  the right of the people to keep & bear arms shall not be infringed upon.   #imwithyou  speakers slots at the republican convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - wednesday releasejust read in the failing @nytimes that i was not aware the event had to be held in cleveland - a total lie.  these people are sick! when you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it.  we will make america safe again!  #imwithyou #americafirst  returned from colorado.  amazing crowd! thank you for inviting me to the western conservative summit in colorado!  #imwithyou #wcs16   you for your support!  we will make america safe and great again!  #imwithyou #americafirst  crimes won't be happening if i'm elected potus.  killer should have never been here.  #americafirst  another terrorist attack today in israel -- a father, shot at by a palestinian terrorist, was killed while: killing of a 13 year old american girl at her home in israel by a palestinian terrorist.  we must get tough.   great job on fox this morning.  keep up the good work! take a look at what happened w/ bill clinton.  the system is totally rigged.  does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence? bill clinton's meeting was a total secret.  nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter. as bernie sanders said, hillary clinton has bad judgement.  bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by hillary! #throwbackthursday #trump2016 will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10pm on fox!  enjoy! the reason i put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary c is very simple, i want to make america great again! i have self funded my winning primary c with an approx.  $50 million loan.  i have totally terminated the loan! the very dishonest @nbcnews refuses to accept the fact that i have forgiven my $50 million loan to my c done deal! one of the reasons hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn't see how she got rich- selling out america.   would college graduates want crooked hillary as their president?  she will destroy them!   book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read!  #wakeupamericathe story with hillary will never change.   @drudge_report: 43-39  reasons only they can explain, the @uschamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better. tremendous day in massachusetts and maine.  thank you to everyone for making it so special! @gengm7: @jakeda @realdonaldtrump as of april this year, hillary had spent $264,000,000 on her c mr. trump $55,000,000.  self fundingi will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 p. m.  enjoy! isis exploded on hillary clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will.  not capable! will be in bangor, maine today!  join me- 4pme at the cross insurance center!    q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and make america great again!  #trump2016  watched senator john barrasso on @foxnews - he was great!  thank you john. why would the uschamber be upset by the fact that i want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that i want penalties for cheaters? the @uschamber must fight harder for the american worker.  china, and many others, are taking advantage of u. s.  with our terrible trade pactsiron mike tyson was not asked to speak at the convention though i'm sure he would do a good job if he was.  the media makes everything up! @jtsbk:  @allenwest thanks for sharing eric we need @realdonaldtrump now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safewe must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the united states. yet another terrorist attack, this time in turkey.  willthe world ever realize what is going on?  so sad. hillary clinton’s presidency would be catastrophic forthe future of our country.  she is ill-fit with bad judgment. benghazi is just another hillary clinton failure.  it justnever seems to work the way it's supposed to with clinton. check it out - 2nd video on lying crooked hillary is now online!  watch it here:  #crookedhillary #trump2016@kridan1: canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over clinton  listened to your great speech on youtube@bluedogdemky: @cwaunion @iowa_trump @richardtrumka @aflcio this is why i would think the unions would support @realdonaldtrump for #potus@arnold_ziffel: @anncoulter also can't help but notice the stock market's reaction as @realdonaldtrump was speaking.  #upupup@patricia_graf:  @govbrewer @cvpayne let's get trump supporters out in massive numbers and make america great again - create jobs@vegas_sports: good for @realdonaldtrump he's smart on business.  maybe if corporations weren't overtaxed they would stay.  voting for #trump@govbrewer: i'll be a guest today on making money with @cvpayne on @ fox business 6 pm et / 3 pm pt discussing @realdonaldtrump.  tune in! . @cnn is all negative when it comes to me.  i don't watch it anymore. the media is unrelenting.  they will only go with and report a story in a negative light.  i called brexit hillary was wrong, watch novembercrooked hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the u. s.  senate, goofy elizabeth warren, who lied on heritage. @lindasuhler: trump voters don't scare or back down.  our numbers are growing & we're taking our country back.  #trump2016🇺🇸 #maga@w4djt: under a trump presidency, america will make brilliant new trade deals!  —donald trump #dtmag  hillary read sigh off the teleprompter, she's so fake she has to be told how to feel:  @foxnews@jimvitari:  @abc @washingtonpost we know they're fake just like poles during primary.  i'm sure u will crush #crookedhillary in generalthe dirty poll done by @abc @washingtonpost is a disgrace.  even they admit that many more democrats were polled.  other polls were good. crooked hillary attacks foreign government donations - while ignoring her own:  hillary clinton got brexit wrong.  i said leave will win.  she has no sense of markets and such bad judgement.  only a question of timehillary clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo!  she is spending a fortune, i am spending very little.  close in polls! people in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like crooked hillary will not win.  it is time for change -- and jobs! top 50 facts about crooked hillary clinton from trump 'stakes of the election' address:  @abc poll s is heavy on democrats.   very dishonest - why would they do that?  other polls good! crooked hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at turnberry.  shows me hitting shot, but i never did = lie!  was there to support sonclinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on brexit with big dollar ads.  disgraceful! crooked hillary clinton, who called brexit 100% wrong along with obama, is now spending wall street money on an ad on my correct call. george will, one of the most overrated political pundits who lost his way long ago, has left the republican party. he's made many bad callsjust landed in new york - a one night stay in scotland.  turnberry came out magnificently.  my son, eric, did a great job - under budget! obama has blocked ice officers and bp from doing their jobs.  that ends when i am president! i have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land! we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values.  #americafirstwe must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place. thank you to everyone who came out & joined us @trumpturnberry yesterday!  @erictrump @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr  the 13th tee box @trumpscotland with my grand daughter, kai!  @donaldjtrumpjr  @trumpscotland with @donaldjtrumpjr & @erictrump.  back to new york tonight.  video:  funny, crooked hillary called brexit so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the u. k.  all talk, no action! thoughts and prayers are with everyone in west virginia- dealing with the devastating floods.  #imwithyou@jolena3: @realdonaldtrump and we will get it back once we have president trump!  can't wait! @darrenwaggener: @realdonaldtrump what has happened in the uk in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in november. . vote trump 2016many people are equating brexit, and what is going on in great britain, with what is happening in the u. s.  people want their country back! the opening of trump turnberry in scotland was a big success.  good timing, i was here for brexit.  very exciting news conference today! crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead.  she would be a disasteri want all americans to succeed together.  president obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for government data by the center for immigration studies shows more than 3m new legal & illegal immigrants settled. .  is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free & ind uk.  we stand together as friends, as allies, & as a people w/a shared history. self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the uk have exercised that right for all the world to see. getting ready to open the magnificent turnberry in scotland.  what a great day, especially when added to the brave & brilliant vote. statement regarding british referendum on e. u.  membership arrived in scotland.  place is going wild over the vote.  they took their country back, just like we will take america back.  no games! congratulations to my son, eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding turnberry, and its great ailsa course.  always support kids! leaving now for a one night trip to scotland in order to be at the grand opening of my great turnberry resort.  will be back on sat.  night! meet the amazing mother whose letter i read during my speech.  she lost her son to policies supported by clinton.   my full statement here on the supreme court's executive amnesty decision #imwithyou  is another cnn lie.  the clinton news network is losing all credibility.  i’m not watching it much anymore.    which is totally biased in favor of clinton, should apologize.  they knew they were wrong.    @scottadamssays: trump's speech today is the best persuasion i have ever seen.  game over.  now running unopposed:   inner cities have been left behind.  we will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border. on immigration, i’m consulting with our immigration officers& our wage-earners.  hillary clinton is consulting with wall street. obama & clinton should stop meeting with special interests, & start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration. hillary clinton’s open borders are tearing american families apart.  i am going to make our country safe again for all americans.  #imwithyousc has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now.  but hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from hispanic & african-american workers. rt @foxbusiness: . @jerryjrfalwell: i was so impressed by [@realdonaldtrump's] speech yesterday.  he was the best i've ever seen him.   lies to benghazi families#crookedhillary  threatens us today because of the decisions hillary clinton has made along with president obama.   --  donald j.  trumphillary clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.   --   donald j.  trumpthank you to donald rumsfeld for the endorsement.  very much appreciated.  clinton's conduct has been disqualifying. @allegrettivicki: you have great children, future presidentsand we all see were raised right and out there for their father.  thank you. @1lion: brilliant 3 word response to hillary's 'i'm with you'  slogan  @realdonaldtrump  @realdonaldtrump great speech today! !  it's all about america and that's why you will become president! ! ! !   thank you. #imwithyou    says things can't change.  i say they have to change.  it's a choice between americanism and her corrupt globalism.  #imwithyou@chrisboydbrew: @loudobbs @realdonaldtrump @foxbusiness. .  saw your interview. you are the best!  great questions, great answers lou is greatcrooked hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief!  she will be a disaster for jobs and the economy! i will be interviewed by @loudobbs tonight on @foxbusiness 7pm ethillary defrauded america as secy of state.  she used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich!  corrupt, dangerous, dishonest. if you want to know about hillary clinton's honesty & judgment, ask the family of ambassador stevens. hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays. i am the king of debt. that has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country.  i made a fortune off of debt, will fix u. s. obama-clinton inherited $10t in debt and turned it into nearly $20t.   they have bankrupted…  clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all americans - and make everyone less safe. how can hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk? hillary clinton surged the trade deficit with china 40% assecretary of state, costing americans millions of jobs. hillary says this election is about judgment.   she's right.   her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed isis and wrecked the economy. i will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of crooked hillary clinton. crooked hillary clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess! when i said that if, within the orlando club, you had some people with guns, i was obviously talking about additional guards or employees. @djohnsonpga we are so proud of you dustin.  your reaction under pressure was amazing.  first of many majors.  you are a true ch watch out hillaryclinton 👿 support @realdonaldtrump 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 #makeamericagreatagain 🇺🇸  failing @nytimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech, when in fact, it was packed!   can the ny times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed?  so totally dishonest! donald trump's speech is a game changer.  #trump2016  you soon arizona!  #trump2016  love you arizona!  thank you! #trump2016 #americafirst  america great again!  make america safe again! #trump2016 #americafirst  you las vegas, nevada! #trump2016 #americafirst   las vegas, getting ready to speak! join me in phoenix, arizona today at 4pm!  #trump2016 #americafirst   you houston, texas!  #americafirst #trump2016  you!  #americafirst   convention in cleveland will be amazing!    you- on my way!    you @dallaspd!    me in phoenix, arizona tomorrow at 4pm!  #trump2016 #americafirst  you!  #americafirst  @robertjeffress: honored to pray for my friend, @realdonaldtrump, at tonight's dallas rally.  #trumpdallas c: @danscavino  america great again!  make america safe again! people very unhappy with crooked hillary and obama on jobs and safety!  biggest trade deficit in many years!  more attacks will follow orlandoamazing crowd last night in dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before.  today, all over the great state of texas! @votetrumpmaga: the media attack on @realdonaldtrump is relentless.  they are desperate.  but, they keep #trump in the news - a good thing. thank you dallas, texas!    tx:las vegas, nvphoenix, az:  me in houston, texas tomorrow night at 7pm!  tickets:   @reince: flying to dallas now with @realdonaldtrumpreports of discord are pure fiction.  great events lined up all over texas.   rs wil…donald trumps speech is a game changer.    trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies clinton supports.  i will fix it fast- jobs!   texas- 8 miles from u. s.  - mexico border.  #trump2016 video:   @realdonaldtrump is a common sense conservative!  president trump=competence, safety, unity, & us jobs, jobs, job. rt @anncoulter: trump's speech today was churchillian, only better.   you can tell by the spluttering hysteria on tv about @realdonaldtrump. i will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 p. m.   @foxnewsfinally an accurate story from the washington post!  me in dallas, texas on thursday! #americafirst #trump2016   you atlanta, georgia!  will be back soon!  #americafirst  will be meeting with the nra, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns. the press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people! an: media fell all over themselves criticizing what donaldtrump may have insinuated about @potus.  but he's right:  you greensboro, north carolina!  will be back soon!  #americafirst  north carolina:wednesday!  georgia:saturday!  nevada: @realdonaldtrump: happy 241st birthday to the @usarmy!  thank you!   241st birthday to the @usarmy!  thank you!   you to the lgbt community!  i will fight for you while hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs. america first! american must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant.  we cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening. join me in atlanta on wednesday- at noon!  #trump2016tickets:   hillary says we must call on saudi arabia and other countries to stop funding hate.  i am calling on- cont'd:  arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the clinton foundation- cont'd:  thought people weren’t celebrating?  they were cheering all over, even this savage from orlando.  i was right.   my speech on protecting america i spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to islamic terror. based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting trump c we are hereby:   am no fan of president obama, but to show you how dishonest the phony washington post is:  @anncoulter: anyone who plans to talk about trump ever again has to see this speech.   your opinion is irrelevant unless you listened to…terrorism, immigration, and national security speech- transcript:   to the 2016 #stanleycup ch pittsburgh @penguins! i am watching @foxnews and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and @cnn, and the total distortion of my words and what i am sayingi will be going to new h today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday.  2:30 p. m. i have been hitting obama and crooked hillary hard on not using the term radical islamic terror.  hillary just broke-said she would now use! what has happened in orlando is just the beginning.  our leadership is weak and ineffective.  i called it and asked for the ban.  must be tough@wandawalls20: @realdonaldtrump please make us safe.  we cannot have hillary as president.  we will be in so much trouble. reporting that orlando killer shouted allah hu akbar!  as he slaughtered clubgoers.  2nd man arrested in la with rifles near gay parade. is president obama going to finally mention the words radical islamic terrorism?  if he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace! appreciate the congrats for being right on radical islamic terrorism, i don't want congrats, i want toughness & vigilance.  we must be smart! horrific incident in fl.  praying for all the victims & their families.  when will this stop?  when will we get tough, smart & vigilant? clinton made a false ad about me where i was imitating a reporter groveling after he changed his story.  i would never mock disabled.  shame! really bad shooting in orlando.  police investigating possible terrorism.  many people dead and wounded. goofy elizabeth warren, sometimes referred to as pocahontas, pretended to be a native american in order to advance her career.  very racist! riley rone was a great young man.  we will miss him dearly.   me on tuesday- in greensboro, north carolina!  #trump2016 #americafirst  you pittsburgh, pennsylvania!  will be back soon!  #americafirst  you to our amazing law enforcement officers!  #americafirst  you t florida! #americafirst #trumptrain  case- @usatoday did article saying i don't pay bills- false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done!  they should do same! in t florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #makeamericagreatagain!   king, and so many other african americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought i was a racist! mitt romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog.  now he calls me racist-but i am least racist person there isthank you richmond, virginia!  #trump2016  you @faithandfreedom coalition!  an honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values. #rtm2016 #trump2016  to richmond, virginia now.  join me tonight!  #trump2016tickets:  #crookedhillary  rarely agree with president obama- however he is 100% correct about crooked hillary clinton.  great ad!  video:pocahontas describing crooked hillary clinton as a corporate donor puppet.  time for change!  #trump2016  to d. c.  to speak at faith and freedom coalition and visit opo. donald trump plans to continue goplegacy of leading on women’s, civil rights against racist, sexist democrats  great boxing promoter, don king, just endorsed me.  nice! join me!  6/10: richmond, va - 8pm6/11: t fl - 11am6/11: pittsburgh, pa - 3pm6/13: portsmouth, nh - 2:30pm  record 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own c you will be a great potus & #makeamericagreatagain@foxnews: . @jamesrosenfnc: never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by @thejusticedept.   is at it again!  goofy elizabeth warren, one of the least productive u. s.  senators, has a nasty mouth.  hope she is v. p.  choice. @freemarketsara: trump's historic 13 million primary votes - a record  congratulations @realdonaldtrump  me!  #trump20166/10: richmond6/11: t6/11: pittsburgh you roseanne, very much appreciated.   long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted?   message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in tel aviv:  just endorsed crooked hillary.  he wants four more years of obama—but nobody else does! crooked hillary clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else.  obama plus! as expected, the media is very much against me.  their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win! @kathyceurter: @realdonaldtrump please mr. trump make @senatorjeffsessions your vp.  he is a perfect running mate.   he is a great guy! bernie sanders must really dislike crooked hillary after the way she played him.  many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me. @mabynshingleton: johnkasich, the voters have spoken. we want @realdonaldtrump.  you agreed to support nominee.  get on board or leave @gop@dale_dangler: @realdonaldtrump you will be the greatest president the world has ever seen  thanks. i would have had many millions of votes more than crooked hillary clinton except for the fact that i had 16 opponents, she had one! @nauthizjane: @realdonaldtrump congratulations mr.  trump.   thank you! @setfire2flames: senator sanders spent more than @realdonaldtrump yet lost. rt @seanhannity: graph: @realdonaldtrump's historic 13 million primary votes compared to every gop nominee since 1908  america great again! #americafirst #trump2016  @richardweaving why @foxandfriends @newday where is the reporting @realdonaldtrump &lt;most votes for president in history of usa@mariadaq:  historic! !  what's historic is our national debt, record unemployment, & crisis! the people need trump2 make usa rich! @sara_wejesa: @realdonaldtrump great speach! ! ! ! ! ! !   thanks! @jimhewitt: .  @frankcaliendo doing @realdonaldtrump on @mikeandmike is awesome.  number one presidency of all time@joedefranco: top rino hack for msnbc joey scarborough on the air and calling the next president trump a racist and bigot.  shame on younobody is watching @morning_joe anymore.  gone off the deep end - bad ratings.  you won't believe what i am watching now! @southpaw816: @sensanders fans, greatest way to get even with her highness - vote for @realdonaldtrump, at least you'll have a job. thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech.  i could feel the electricity in thr air.  great reviews - most votes ever recieved@wolfstopper: gee  does this make @realdonaldtrump right one more time?   standing by @realdonaldtrump all the way to the white house!   you california!  #trump2016   you new mexico!  #trump2016  you south dakota!  #trump2016   you new jersey!  #trump2016  you montana!  #trump2016  will be speaking about our great journey to the republican nomination at 9:00 p. m.  the movement toward a country that wins again continuesi will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity - enjoy!   10:00 p. m. thank you!  together we will #makeamericagreatagain!   just out book, secret service agent gary byrne doesn't believe that crooked hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president! a former secret service agent for president clinton excoriates crooked hillary describing her as erratic & violent.  bad temperament for pressee, when i said nato was obsolete because of no terrorism protection, they made the change without giving me credit.  @ivankatrump: my next project is pretty amazing…! xx, ivanka   you diamond and silk!   the fallen heroes on #dday - june 6, 1944.   am getting bad marks from certain pundits because i have a small c staff.  but small is good, flexible, save money and number one! a massive blow to obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report.  that's really bad! crooked hillary is being badly criticized for a wall street paid for ad by politifact for a false ad on me on women.  she is a total fraud! crooked hillary clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months.  her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions! just like i have been able to spend far less money than  others on the c and finish #1, so too should our country.  we can be great! people like @katyturnbc report on my c but have zero access.  they say what they want without any knowledge. true of so much of media! hillary clinton is unfit to be president.  she has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record.  change! i am watching @cnn very little lately because they are so biased against me.  shows are predictable garbage!  cnn and msm is one big lie! the clinton news network, sometimes referred to as @cnn, is getting more and more biased. they act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors@sareed59:  our ineffective #potus has to make a speech in #elkhart to make everything look great.  mr.  trump #makeamericagreatagainthank you attorney general gonzales, so many people feel this way.   just had the worst jobs report since 2010. the mayor of san jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people.  the thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful! many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful trump supporters in san jose were illegals.  they burned the american flag and laughed at police@don_vito_08: thank you mr.  trump for standing up for our country!  #votetrump2016 join me on the #trumptrain🚂  here’s the hillary university scandal no one in the media is talking about  @realdonaldtrumpmuhammad ali is dead at 74!  a truly great ch and a wonderful guy.  he will be missed by all! rt @cbsnews: watch now: the @realdonaldtrump supporters you'd never expect   you redding, california! #makeamericagreatagain #caprimary  evening in san jose other than the thugs.  my supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile. so much interest in my visit to scotland!  i greatly look forward to attending the opening event @trumpturnberry- taking place on june 24th. i'm a former chief of police in a border town.  i'm hispanic, i'm proud to be hispanic and i'm 100% behind trump.  crooked hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that i said or believe but have no basis in fact.  not honest! i don't watch or do @morning_joe anymore.  small audience, low ratings!  i hear mika has gone wild with hate.  joe is joe.  they lost their way! rally last night in san jose was great.  tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall.  big crowd.  outside, small group of thugs burned am flag! terrible jobs report just reported.  only 38,000 jobs added.  bombshell! @fivestarr6028: yes!  hubby and i voted 4 @realdonaldtrump already!   thank you. @liliannyleebou: i think the first female president of the usa will be @ivankatrump a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady! @lunsfordwhitney: this is rich coming from her.  she tweeted you will be president!  #women4ttump #trump2016  clinton says trump is dangerous.  who's the one who killed 4 americans in benghazi?    @judgejeanine  @realdonaldtrump looks like several legal hispanics supporting trump!  they know he will be good for them too. then, on june 25th- back to the usa to make america great again! after @trumpscotland, i will visit @trumpdoonbeg in ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the atlantic ocean. after @trumpturnberry i will be visiting aberdeen, the oil capital of europe, to see my great club, @trumpscotland. on june 22- i will be going to scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated @trumpturnberry resort, the worlds best. join me in redding, california- tomorrow at 1:00pm.  #trump2016tickets:  thank you for the nice piece in @sinow / @golf_com. keep up the great work!   @ivankatrump: beautiful article about @realdonaldtrump written by my friend, the incredibly talented golfer natalie gulbis: @realdonaldtrump only trump can save america.  right leader at the right time.  thank you! @valenti317: @realdonaldtrump she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her. @tayloredwards99: this is @potus's legacy!  an absolute disaster! ! !  we need @realdonaldtrump now! !  #maga #trump2016  @realdonaldtrump a vote for trump is a vote to restore our great country. a 60% increase in texas blue cross/blue shield through obamacare.  i told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode! so great to have the endorsement and support of paul ryan.  we will both be working very hard to make america great again! bad performance by crooked hillary clinton!  reading poorly from the telepromter!  she doesn't even look presidential! crooked hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office.  people will not allow another four years of incompetence! crooked hillary clinton, who i would love to call lyin' hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions. after the litigation is disposed of and the case won, i have instructed my execs to open trump u? , so much interest in it!  i will be pres. even though i have a very biased and unfair judge in the trump u civil case in san diego, i have thousands of great reviews & will win case! with all of the crooked hillary clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and i mean real monsters!  no more hrc. join me in san jose, california- tonight! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016tickets:   usa today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits.  verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses.  isn't that what you want for your president? do you ever notice that @cnn gives me very little proper representation on my policies.  just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign pbernie sanders was right when he said that crooked hillary clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from bad judgement! crooked hillary clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president.  her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch! @halodad22: @realdonaldtrump i already voted for you!  my wife did as well!  i represent #teachers4trump!  we represent #ca4trump!  #neverdems@scpioneer: @stockdaleism @jamesrosenfnc @foxnews @realdonaldtrump not for slackers!  happy w/courses i took.  thanks. thank you sacramento, california!  #makeamericagreatagain  failing @nytimes reporter who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn! crooked hillary clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails.  many missing! join me in san jose, california- tomorrow evening at 7pm!  #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  i raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad!  they do anything to belittle - totally biased. congratulations to @seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings.  speaking of ratings- i will be on his show tonight @ 10pe. i am getting great credit for my press conference today.  crooked hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days. katie couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc. i will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pme on @foxnews.  enjoy! join me in sacramento, california-tomorrow evening @ 7pm!  #trump2016  many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money i raised/gave!  it was my great honor - they do an amazing job. just finished a press conference in trump tower wherein i gave information on which veterans groups got the $5,600,000 that i raised/gave! i have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great veterans, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so.  watch! so many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good!  news conference at 11:00 a. m.  today, trump tower! i should have easily won the trump university case on summary judgement but have a judge, gonzalo curiel, who is totally biased against me. i have a judge in the trump university civil case, gonzalo curiel san diego, who is very unfair.  an obama pick.  totally biased-hates trumpi hope everyone had a great memorial day! i would have had millions of votes more in the primaries than crooked hillary if i only had one opponent, instead of sixteen.  broke recordhave a great memorial day and remember that we will soon make america great again! @nbcdfw: trump rallies veterans at annual rolling thunder gathering   how many of donald's rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east. @mariaernandez3b: trump supports rolling thunder rally #trump strong  so true, and remember the m. i. a. 's! @scottwrasmussen: donald trump and bikers share affection at rolling thunder rally  a great day in d. c. ! @teapartynevada: #trump2016 illegals are taken care of better than our veterans.     endorsement of me by the 16,500 border patrol agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate.  nice! in getting the endorsement of the 16,500 border patrol agents thank you, the statement was made that the wall was very necessary! obama says a wall at our southern border won't enhance our security wrong and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall fence at w. h. if dummy bill kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an independent, say good bye to the supreme court! the republican party has to be smart & strong if it wants to win in november.  can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler indie candidate! bill kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the gop can't control their own, then they are not a party.  be tough, r's! good news is that my c has perhaps more cash than any c in the history of politics- b/c i stand 100% behind everything we do. heading to d. c.  to see and hear rolling thunder.  amazing people that love our country.  great spirit! honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country!  we love them. does president obama ever discuss the sneak attack on pearl harbor while he's in japan?  thousands of american lives lost.  #mdwdon't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my c the only quote that matters is a quote from me! i am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes, but when i won the gop nomination, i'm in the back of the paper.  very dishonest! the media is on a new phony kick about my management style.  i spend much less money & get much better results!  what we need as prez! the failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style & that i don't have many people.  i have 73, hillary has 800- & i'm beating her. i we broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a republican primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go!  thank you. the u. s.  has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders.  how nice, but what do we get?  not enoughgreat rally in fresno, california- great crowd!  thank you!  #trump2016  administration fails to screen syrian refugees' social media accounts: fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally.  greatly appreciated! thank you @billyjoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at msg.  appreciate it- love your music! wow- 25,000 in san diego, california! thank you! !  #trump2016  am on @oreillyfactor tonight, a big special.  @foxnews  at 8:00 p. m.  enjoy! bill o'reilly doing a major special on @oreillyfactor tonight- @foxnews at 8pme.  watch it, should be good!  #trump2016an america first energy plan#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his senate seat in florida.  important to keep the majority.  run marco! today we, together, won the republican nomination for president!   wife @melaniatrump, and my children will be featured on @foxnews with @greta- 7pme.  enjoy! #meetthetrumps #trump2016celebrating 1237!  #trump2016  you!  #trump2016 find it offensive that goofy elizabeth warren, sometimes referred to as pocahontas, pretended to be native american to get in harvard. thank you mr.  & mrs.  @tombarrackjr for the wonderful and magical evening last night.  it will not be forgotten.  #trump2016. @kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @outnumberedfnc- thank you! the inspector general's report on crooked hillary clinton is a disaster.  such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the w. h. thank you anaheim, california! #trump2016  you washington!  honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in gop primary history. the protesters in new mexico were thugs who were flying the mexican flag.  the rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals! crooked hillary clinton just can't close the deal with bernie.  i had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates.  hillary doesn't have itgoofy senator elizabeth warren @elizabethforma has done less in the u. s.  senate than practically any other senator.  all talk, no action! @elizabethforma  goofy elizabeth warren, sometimes known as pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing.  total hypocrite! @gordonsr1052:  washington, big thank you for supporting trump!  we are all going to help trump make america great again!  trump2016! @buiidthewall: @realdonaldtrump high energy! @pipersul: great speech tonight mr. trump!  good luck in california!  thank you. @deepaks76435750: @realdonaldtrump congratulations from india@oasisupernova: @realdonaldtrump up to 8. 4 million followers.  can't stop the #trumptrain 🚂 #makeamericagreatagain@jknatter: @realdonaldtrump #trumptrain@tcloer11: @realdonaldtrump great job!  make america great again! @elizabethforma goofy elizabeth warren, sometimes referred to as pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native american, is a lowlife! great rally in new mexico, amazing crowd!  now in l. a.  big rally in anaheim. thank you washington!  #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain  honor to receive today's endorsement of @ricksantorum.  really nice!  #trump2016after raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6m for vets, i couldn't believe protesters formed @ trump tower.  just out- sent by crooked hillary! thank you @dailymail- for setting the failing @nytimes story straight.  this is what the nyt's should have written!   suggestion for the dishonest media-  wonderfully written article concerning israel by @jasondovesq  great new book has been written about crooked hillary.  read it & you will never be able to vote for her.  @ed_klein  hillary clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs.  most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement! i just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the f. e. c.  even the dishonest media thinks great! amazingly, with all of the money i have raised for the vets, i have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media. much of the money i have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups. while under no obligation to do so, i have raised between 5 & 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our veterans.  nice! join me in california or montana! 5/25/16: anaheim, california5/26/16: billings, montana will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 p. m.  enjoy! obama’s va secretary just said we shouldn't measurewait times.  hillary says va problems are not ‘widespread. ’ i will take care ofour vets! is hillary really protecting women?   trade, military and everything else, it will be america first!  this will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: make america great again! thank you america!  #trump2016  american people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists! bernie sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that crooked hillary clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal! join me on wednesday, may 25th at the anaheim convention center! #trump2016 #maga tickets:   hillary wants a radical 500% increase in syrian refugees.  we can’t allow this.  time to get smart and protect america! how can crooked hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical islam, which horribly oppresses women? rt @gatewaypundit: breaking poll: trump gains 11 points on clinton since march=&gt; now leads crooked hillary 46-44  vi…why do the networks continue to put dopey @billkristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs? hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad!  would be four more years of stupidity! crooked hillary said that i  want guns brought into the school classroom.  wrong! @dubilujane: i trust @realdonaldtrump more anyone ever to protect america. he will do the right thing for the u. s. a, without a  doubt. thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country.  you are our true heroes!  #armedforcesday  hillary clintons foreign interventions unleashed isis in syria, iraq and libya.  she is reckless and dangerous! make america great again!   is so negative, getting even worse as i get closer.  just had two anti-trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team.  turning off! @rbacliff: hillary wants to rip the guns out of america's hands.  no guns = no protection.  get on #trumptrain & join @nra to stop her. crooked hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed.  no more guns to protect hillary! while our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the tsa is falling apart, just like our government!  airports a total disaster! crooked hillary is spending tremendous amounts of wall street money on false ads against me.  she is a very dishonest person! crooked hillary clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd amendment.  no gun owner can ever vote for clinton! thank you @thetodaysgolfer for the wonderful statement that the new par 3 9th hole @trump turnberry could be the most dramatic in britain. @montgomeriefdn  colin, great to have you at trump turnberry.  so proud of you and your great playing!  you made winning majors look easy! @montgomeriefdn: @trumpturnberry best links course in britain.  ailsa course opens june '16 can't wait to play it  you for your wonderful endorsement today @tgowdysc.  it means a great deal to me.  we will not disappoint!  #trump2016great day in kentucky with wayne lapierre, chris cox & the @nra!  #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  you!  an honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the @nra- prior to @gopconvention!  #trump2016 #2a   @nytimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad.  every article is unfair and biased.  very sad! thanks @piersmorgan!  trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining& popular candidate this country has ever seen. crooked hillary clinton- discussing the #secondamendment at a private event.  #2a cc: @nra  am on my way!  see you all soon!   call for unity by jason greenblatt @jasondovesq  hillary can't even close the deal with bernie - and the dems have it rigged in favor of hillary.  four more years of this?  no way! crooked hillary clinton looks presidential?  i don't think so!  four more years of obama and our country will never come back.  isis laughs! look where the world is today, a total mess, and isis is still running around wild.  i can fix it fast, hillary has no chance! crooked hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina.  isis, china, russia and all would love for her to be president.  4 more years! i said that crooked hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because she has very bad judgement - bernie said the same thing! thank you @ltstevenlrogers.  we will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!  quality a woman is rowanne brewer lane to have exposed the @nytimes as a disgusting fraud?   thank you rowanne. looks like yet another terrorist attack.  airplane departed from paris.  when will we get tough, smart and vigilant?  great hate and sickness! my list of potential u. s.  supreme court justices was very well recieved.  during the next number of weeks i may be adding to the list! some low-life journalist claims that i made a pass at her 29 years ago.  never happened!  like the @nytimes story which has become a joke! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  you louisiana!  #trump2016  you arizona!  see you soon! #makeamericagreatagain  did clinton supporter @alisonforky declare crooked hillary winner in ky when ap hasn't even called the race? bernie sanders is being treated very badly by the democrats - the system is rigged against him.  many of his disenfranchised fans are for me! paul begala, the dopey @cnn flunky and head of the pro-hillary clinton super pac, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me. @shoneep: @realdonaldtrump trump for president!  bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and hillary is yesterday's and today's nightmare@magicmetalninja:  the trump movement will not be stopped.  we support trump because he is a true american looking out for #americafirst. congratulations to the movement, we have just won the great state of oregon.  the vote percentage is even higher than anticipated!  thank you. thank you oregon!  #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain  hillary just handed @realdonaldtrump a huge gift: promising to put bubba in charge of the economy!  #makeamericagreatagain! @sandrajeanne48: no way i believe trump at 70% disapproval with women.  went to 3 rallies.  at least 1/2 women.  msm lies @thefivemichael barbaro, the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me.  he should resign@michael_favreau: @jis3 @realdonaldtrump he will destroy hillary but why give cnn record breaking ratings cnn can go to hell.  trump 2016i look so forward to debating crooked hillary clinton!  democrat primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on! i can't believe that @cnn would allow the very nice jeffrey lord to be savaged by a panel of seven trump haters.  7 to 1 - don't watch cnn! @cowboysfortrump: @christichat @rockprincess818 @realdonaldtrump that man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next presidentwell, that is it.  well done megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after!  now let us all see how the movement does in oregon tonight! will go back on for a final question now! @jrector34: @realdonaldtrump amazing job@mai_ttag:  great interview!  happy you had a chance to show the other side of you.  never change, never forget you are our messenger! i like michael douglas! @thydanielflores: . @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump best interview that i have ever seen. @costakenneth: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump great interview megyn@svhlevi: @diamondandsilk @realjeffreylord @realdonaldtrump @cnn and we love you diamond and silk  i do also! @johnjohnlacca: donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview.  cannot wait until u r president #megynkellypresents@markgruber1960: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump that's why he is so successful.  he is driven to succeed  true! @ladytsbrug: lovely interview, mr.  trump!  @realdonaldtrump thanks. @janik1968: @realdonaldtrump @speakerryan watched the megan kelly special and i must say. . it was very well done on both their parts@kaceyilliot1669: @realdonaldtrump we actually really do love you!  great! @johnkirtley:  @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain thank you for this discourse.  wounds have been healed.  great job! @jlund04: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump it was refreshing to see you both in a different light.  well done. @frankdallasagg: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump trump is a great man and is fighting for we the people! @ladyjoanne: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump we need trump more then ever megyn.  thanks. @ladyjoanne: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump we need trump more then ever megan please don't lose it for america for us! @curtandkaren: kudos to @megynkelly and @realdonaldtrump for rising above the drama and coming together.  very respectful and classy 👍@gerriweth: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump made me feel good to hear you both so gracious.  great job@sandrar67758219: @realdonaldtrump you are a fighter and we love that about you!  don't listen to these people who want you to change! @longbyfive: @realdonaldtrump great interview with @megynkelly !  thanks. @hffoundation4: @realdonaldtrump one thing we know for sure @berniesanders supporters will turn to #trump - absolutely not @hillaryclinton@wesleyfelixpsi: @realdonaldtrump speaks from the heart 4 all of america. his intention is for a positive future 4 all.  @foxnews @megynkelly@manakoa:donaldtrump, you are fearless!  this interview shows you are the leader we need.  @megynkelly is a tough interview!  respect to both@ragdollive: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump what's with the soft wimpy questions? ! ?  it's not a therapy session . . ! !  not really soft at all! @xgodfatherxzx: @realdonaldtrump amazing on megan kelly thanks. @trumptrainrider: . @realdonaldtrump watching you on fox with @megynkelly now.  can't wait to hear what you two talked about. i will be live tweeting @megynkelly show in 10 minutes.  should be interesting.  will be on fox network!  enjoy! wall street paid for ad is a fraud, just like crooked hillary!  their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it.  apologize? do you think crooked hillary will finally close the deal?  if she can't win kentucky, she should drop out of race.  system rigged! i will be live tweeting my interview with @megynkelly on the fox network tonight at 8!  enjoy!   look forward to watching @megynkelly tonight, 8 pm et.  it will be interesting to see how she treats me—i think she will be very fair. how can crooked hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for nafta, the worst economic deal in u. s.  history? crooked hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy. if so, he should run,not her. will he bring the energizer to d. c. ? #votetrump at clerk's offices & 185 ballot drop boxes in #orprimary! closes at 8pm!   hillary can't close the deal with bernie sanders.  will be another bad day for her! amazing that crooked hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the worst abuser of woman in u. s.  political historyoregon is voting today.  keep the big numbers going - vote trump!  make america great again! crooked hillary clinton put out an ad where i am misquoted on women.  can't believe she would misrepresent the facts!  my hit was on chinathe pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line.  you can tell them to go blank themselves - was about china, not women! wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by crooked hillary clinton.  she said they had to do with a wedding reception.  liar!  how can she run? @aprillajune: oregon votes today!  go vote for @realdonaldtrump and kick it big time!   barbara res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back.  i said no. i gave a woman named barbara res a top n. y.  construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty.  so much for a nice thank you! in politics, and in life, ignorance is not a virtue.  this is a primary reason that president obama is the worst president in u. s.  history! the writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes, michael barbaro, who was interviewed on cbs this morning, was unable to respond. over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6.  that’s because there were so many positive statements. no wonder the @nytimes is failing—who can believe what they write after the false, malicious & libelous story they did on me. the failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women. rowanne brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday joined @foxandfriends.   you, anthony @scaramucci @wsj the entrepreneur's case for trump   the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud! a political commentator for @cnn, which i no longer watch, said trump showed some weakness in the repub primaries.  i set all-time record! wow, rowanne brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday, was on @foxandfriends saying times liedthe @nytimes is so dishonest.  their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by rowanne brewer, who said it was a lie! that was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - i hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is! bernie sanders is being treated very badly by the dems.  the system is rigged against him.  he should run as an independent!  run bernie, run. great new poll- thank you! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  @washingtonpost report on potential vp candidates is wrong.  marco rubio and most others mentioned are not under consideration. thank you georgia!  see you soon! #trump2016  media is really on a witch-hunt against me.  false reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail! why did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that i was so proud to have helped with their careers.  dishonest! wow, i have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece.  massive front page for that! why doesn't the failing @nytimes write the real story on the clintons and women?  the media is totally dishonest! @takingit_back:  @nytimes keep shining. the ppl will not let the media dim your lightwe no longer believe them!  #trump2016 thanks. @tzard000: @realdonaldtrump @nytimes everyone continues to pile onto donald, but they can never take away our votes!   thank you! everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women. i gave them many names of women i helped-refused to use@distlerjoyce: @realdonaldtrump @nytimes ohio women for trump  leicester & donaldtrump seem to have the same trajectory, both were written off, but they keep scaling the heights.  history? @queencharlotteo: @realdonaldtrump @nytimes i'm a women & i 100% support @realdonaldtrump & i have since the beginning.  thank you! the failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me.  all are impressed with how nicely i have treated women, they found nothing.  a joke! thank you for the nice words this morning @kellyriddell.  well delivered and totally logical!  @cnn   @foxnews@stranahan: sheldon adelson pledges $100 million to elect trump president - breitbart  @cnn is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible.  very unprofessional.  hurting in ratings - bad television! great new poll- thank you!   crooked hillary clinton can't close the deal on crazy bernie, how is she going to take on china, russia, isis and all of the others? an incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person ihave such tremendous respect for.  thank you, sheldon!    your story about me & the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect—it is just the opposite.  i will not support or endorse a carbon tax! senator lindsey graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more! great meeting with @senatemajldr mitch mcconnell and republican leaders in d. c.  #trump2016  day in d. c.  with @speakerryan and republican leadership.  things working out really well!  #trump2016  it were up to goofy elizabeth warren, we’d have no jobs in america—she doesn’t have a clue. in interview i told @ap that my taxes are under routine audit and i would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election! isn’t it funny when a failed senator like goofy elizabeth warren can spend a whole day tweeting about trump & gets nothing done in senate? goofy elizabeth warren lied when she says i want to abolish the federal minimum wage.  see media—asking for increase! our native american senator, goofy elizabeth warren, couldn’t care less about the american worker…does nothing to help! goofy elizabeth warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked hillary.  see her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”if the people of massachusetts found out what an ineffective senator goofy elizabeth warren has been, she would lose! thanks piers.   #trump2016  elizabeth warren didn’t have the guts to run for potus.  her phony native american heritage stops that and vp cold. goofy elizabeth warren has been one of the least effective senators in the entire u. s.  senate.  she has done nothing! i don't want to hit crazy bernie sanders too hard yet because i love watching what he is doing to crooked hillary.  his time will come! big wins in west virginia and nebraska.  get ready for november - crooked hillary, who is looking very bad against crazy bernie, will lose! thank you nebraska! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  you west virginia! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  @danscavino: louisiana general electiondonald trump vs.  hillary clinton#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  @danscavino: ohio general electiondonald trump vs.  hillary clinton#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  clintons spend millions on negative ads on me & i can’t tell the truth about her husband?  don’t feel sorry for crooked hillary! hillary has bad judgment!   was so great being in nebraska last week.  today is the big day--get out and vote! i look very much forward to meeting w/paul ryan & the gop party leadership on thurs in dc.  together, we will beat the dems at all levels! via @jtanews and jason greenblatt  donald trump is a visionary with talents our country needs @jasondovesq    virginia #votetrump today! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 #votetrump today! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 is only the people that were never asked to be vp that tell the press that they will not take the position. it was rosie o'donnell who ate the cake in the vicious hillary commercial about me, not crooked hillary!  @marthamaccallumwhy does the media, with a strong push from crooked hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that i want to raise taxes.  exactly opposite! .  #repmikekelly  great job on @foxandfriends this morning.  thank you for the nice words! get out and vote nebraska, we will make america great again! get out and vote west virginia, we will make america great again! @redrising11: 🇺🇸i am a woman & i just voted for @realdonaldtrump #nebraskaprimary #trump2016 #trumpforpresident  you jason greenblatt @jasondovesq for our children: let's elect donald trump   @greta: interesting poll results so far and go vote on   am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate.  any negotiated increase by congress to my proposal would still be lower than current! i will have set the all time record in primary votes in the republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people! if i only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like hillary clinton, i would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did! crooked hillary clinton says that she got more primary votes than donald trump.  but i had 17 people to beat—she had one! #neprimary #votetrump #trump2016 #votetrump #trump2016 @chriscuomo @realdonaldtrump  is chris serious, lying or misinformed?  bill clinton signed nafta  @foxandfriends @bretbaier the liars that signed the pledge and now won't support @realdonaldtrump is the reason they are losers@nathandwilsonfl: @mariabartiromo you had a great interview with donald today!  i started watching your show due to donald trump. will be interviewed by @mariabartiromo on @foxbizalert  at 7:30 a. m.  enjoy! @richbooth6: @realdonaldtrump @cnn good interview mr.  trump.  you set the facts straight.  thank you. wow, i hear @morning_joe has gone really hostile ever since i said i won't do or watch the show anymore. they misrepresent my positions! i will be interviewed on @cnn at 7:00 a. m. . @drmoore  russell moore is truly a terrible representative of evangelicals and all of the good they stand for.  a nasty guy with no heart! @mathewjmari: on @facethenation #mattschlapp was on the ball & #jenniferrubin is in a time warped stupor.  @realdonaldtrump will expand #gopi will be interviewed on @newday @cnn at 7:00 a. m. i will win the election against crooked hillary despite the people in the republican party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me! on @seanhannity show @foxnews now.  enjoy! crooked hillary just can't close the deal with bernie.  it will be the same way with isis, and china on trade, and mexico at the border.  bad! . @kellyannepolls  kellyanne, you were fantastic on @meetthepress today.  keep going - i will win for the people.  make america great again! i will be interviewed on @meetthepress this morning.  enjoy! i will be interviewed on this week with george s this morning.  enjoy! #happymothersday!    i want a leader that will shoot straight with us.  the politicians can't.  @realdonaldtrump will give his all for us! . @edgoeas thank you for your support tonight on @judgejeanine. remember when the two failed presidential candidates, lindsey graham and jeb bush, signed a binding pledge?  they broke the deal, no honor! i am honored that the great men and women of the @teamsters have created a movement from within called teamsters for trump!  thank you. i am going to keep our jobs in the u. s. , and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure.  crooked hillary has no clue!  @teamstersjoin me in washington today! spokane tickets:lynden tickets:  elizabeth warren is weak and ineffective.  does nothing.  all talk, no action -- maybe her native american name? goofy elizabeth warren and her phony native american heritage are on a twitter rant.  she is too easy!  i'm driving her nuts. crooked hillary clinton wants completely open borders.  millions of democrats will run from her over this and support me. just met with courageous family of sarah root in nebraska.  sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy. goofy elizabeth warren, hillary clinton’s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie.  she is not native american. let’s properly check goofy elizabeth warren’s records to see if she is native american.  i say she’s a fraud! i hope corrupt hillary clinton chooses goofy elizabeth warren as her running mate.  i will defeat them both. response to @lindseygrahamsc: hear @joenbc of rapidly fading @morning_joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run.  this will guarantee a crooked hillary win. joe scarborough initially endorsed jeb bush and jeb crashed, then john kasich and that didn't work.  not much power or insight! thank you to teachers across america!  when i become potus we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now. crooked hillary has zero leadership ability.  as bernie sanders says, she has bad judgement.  constantly playing the women's card - it is sad! paul ryan said that i inherited something very special, the republican party.  wrong, i didn't inherit it, i won it with millions of voters! @ausbiz:  many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time!  #makeamericagreatagain #trumptrainso many great endorsements yesterday, except for paul ryan!  we must put america first and make america great again! governor rick perry said donald trump is one of the most talented people running for the presidency i've ever seen.  thank you rick! unlike crooked hillary clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, i want wages to go up in america.  we will do so by bringing back jobs! thank you west virginia.  let's keep it going.  go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big.  #trump2016can you believe crooked hillary said, we are going to put a whole lot of coal miners& companies out of business.  she then apologized. join me tomorrow!  #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain omaha, nebraska:eugene, oregon: sanders has been treated terribly by the democrats—both with delegates & otherwise.  he should show them, & run as an independent. happy #cincodemayo!  the best taco bowls are made in trump tower grill.  i love hispanics!    will be interviewed by @bretbaier @specialreport at 6pm et tonight @foxnewsmany reports that i will be attending the alvarez/khan fight this weekend in vegas.  totally untrue!  unfortunately i have other plans. join me in charleston, wv - tomorrow!   will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 a. m.  enjoy! i will be interviewed on @todayshow and good morning america at 7:00 a. m. i will be interviewed on @morning_joe at 6:15 a. m.  enjoy! i would rather run against crooked hillary clinton than bernie sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against bernie! what a great evening we had.  so interesting that sanders beat crooked hillary.  the dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him! . @oreillyfactor  please correct, i won virginia! thank you indiana, we were just projected to be the winner.  we have won in every category.  you are very special people-i will never forget! thank you indiana!  #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain  ted cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win indiana.  if he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time & moneywow, lyin' ted cruz really went wacko today.  made all sorts of crazy charges.  can't function under pressure - not very presidential.  sad! make america great again! #inprimary #votetrump  close at 6pm!  #inprimary #trump2016 #votetrump  you america!  #trump2016   america great again!  #trump2016 #votetrump  america great again! #inprimary #votetrump  america great again! #inprimary #votetrump you south bend, indiana!  everyone get out & #votetrump tomorrow!  #inprimary   @erictrump: wow!  i am speechless!  thank you to my sidekick @lynnepatton who keeps me & the @erictrumpfdn in line!   be in south bend, indiana in a short while -- big rally!  see you soon! will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pme.  enjoy!  #inprimarythank you america! #makeamericagreatagain  @donaldjtrumpjr: donald trump jr.  on the record: why trump international hotels and residences are still winning via @forbes  you carmel, indiana!  get out & #votetrump tomorrow!  #inprimary #makeamericagreatagain  to have received the endorsement of lou holtz - a great guy!  #inprimary #trump2016  will defeat crooked hillary clinton on 11/8/2016.  #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain  will be c in indiana all day.  things are looking great, and the support of bobby knight has been so amazing.  today will be fun! everybody is talking about the protesters burning the american flags and proudly waving mexican flags.  i want america first - so do voters! gov mike pence has just stated that donald trump has taken a strong stance on hoosier jobs, and he thanks me!  i will bring back jobs to usa. crooked hillary clinton said she is used to dealing with men who get off the reservation.  actually, she has done poorly with such men! i will be interviewed on @cnn  @newday  at 7:30 a. m.  enjoy! join me in carmel, indiana- tomorrow at 4pm!  #inprimary   you fort wayne, indiana! #trump2016 #inprimary  you terre haute, indiana! #makeamericagreatagain  is a failed jeb bushy.  never says anything good & never will, even after i beat hillary.  shouldn't be on the air! i am on @foxnewssunday with chris wallace- his 20th year anniversary with #fns, throughout the day.  enjoy!   be in terre haute, indiana in a short while -- big rally!  see you soon! i watched sen.  graham @facethenation.  why don't they say that i ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support? thank you indiana!  #trump2016  will be in indiana on sunday and monday at four make america great again rallies.  see you there! thank you @mikeozanian for the nice comments on @foxnews today.  great job! trump locks down delaware gop delegates.  #trump2016 #maga  economy is bad and getting worse-almost zero growth this quarter.  nobody can beat me on the economy and jobs.  make america great again@lexingtonbobby: @foxnews @tedcruz @realdonaldtrump  protesters in california were thugs and criminals.  many are professionals.  they should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement! . @ac360  anderson, so amazing.  your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman! we are now at 1001 delegates.  we will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged! thank you indiana!  #trump2016  hillary clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers! wow, the ridiculous deal made between lyin'ted cruz and 1 for 42 john kasich has just blown up.  what a dumb deal - dead on arrival! thank you costa mesa, california!  31,000 people tonight with thousands turned away.  i will be back!  #trump2016  york yankees president, randy levine: 'end of the republican party' if donald trump not nominated.    will be interviewed on @foxandfriends with the legendary coach bobby knight- tomorrow morning.  enjoy!  #indprimary  @newtgingrich: seems out of touch w/ reality to announce a vp nominee before securing 1237 delegates.    @adrianacohen16: carly fiorina no lifeboat for a fast-sinking @tedcruz c  via @bostonherald @realdonaldtru…#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016   you evansville, indiana!  #makeamericagreatagain  to rally with bobby now!  see you soon!  many false and phony t. v.  commercials being broadcast in indiana.  reminds me of florida where thousands were put up-i won in a landslide! i will be in evansville, indiana, with the great bobby knight who last night endorsed me at 12:00 this afternoon.  see you there! lyin' ted cruz, who can never beat hillary clinton and has no path to victory, has chosen a v. p. candidate who failed badly in her own efforti will be interviewed on the @todayshow at 7:00 a. m.  this morning.  enjoy! thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech.  i will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics! @annettejeanne: i cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states.  i was so happy!  i really adore you mr.  trump, so much. getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, bobby knight, has been a highlight of my stay in indiana.  big speech tomorrow with bobby! i am in indiana where we just had a great rally.  fantastic people!  staying at a holiday inn express - new and clean, not bad! thank you laura!    you for the endorsement, coach bobby knight!  i will never forget it!   me on @greta- from indianapolis, indiana at 7pme!  enjoy!  #trump2016  @donaldjtrumpjr: an honor to be in #indiana w @realdonaldtrump @greta & the legend, bobby knight!  i like our secret weapon better! ! !  htt…thank you connecticut, delaware, maryland, pennsylvania, and rhode island!  #makeamericagreatagain   you newt!   @anncoulter: greatest foreign policy speech since washington's farewell address. thanks dave!    you!  we will make america great again!   you!   you delaware!  #trump2016  you rhode island!  #trump2016  you connecticut!  #trump2016  you pennsylvania!  #trump2016  you maryland!  #trump2016  you america!  #trump2016  #makeamericagreatagain, maryland!  #votetrump  have until 8pm to #votetrump, delaware!   you for a great day yesterday, rhode island!  #votetrump hours left to #votetrump connecticut!   go pennsylvania!  #votetrump  bad is the new york times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly.  always trying to belittle.  paper has lost its way! thank you for the incredible support- melania, barron, ivanka, jared, tiffany, don, vanessa, eric, and lara!  sanders has been treated terribly by the democrats—both with delegates & otherwise.  he should show them, and run as an independent! thank you @donaldjtrumpjr & @erictrump.  #trump2016  america great again!   cruz-kasich pact is under great strain.  this joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead.  very dumb! thank you wilkes-barre, pennsylvania!  #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  out and vote tomorrow!  we will make america great again!  #ctprimary #deprimary #mdprimary #paprimary #riprimary what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in pennsylvania.  so sad!  #makeamericagreatagain  you west chester, pennsylvania! #paprimary #votetrump  you warwick, rhode island! #riprimary #votetrump   @drudge_report: dead heat: clinton vs trump  the way to the great state of rhode island- big rally.  then to pennsylvania for rest of day and night! kasich just announced that he wants the people of indiana to vote for him.  typical politician - can't make a deal work. shows how weak and desperate lyin' ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses. lyin' ted cruz and 1 for 38 kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up collusion in a two on one.  shows weakness! lyin' ted and kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate.  their donors & special interest groups are not happy with them.  sad! wow, just announced that lyin' ted and kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the republican nomination.  desperation! i am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing.  it is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down.  becoming irrelevant! @diamondandsilk: . @donaldjtrumpjr awesome job on @cnnsotu.  donaldtrump has integrity & he refuses 2 play the game call delegate bribery@newtgingrich: #nyprimary turned trump from frontrunner into presumptive #gop nominee   will be in maryland this afternoon for a major rally.  things are looking good for tuesday! . @andrebauer  great job and advice on @cnn  @jaketapper  thank you! . @borisep was great on @judgejeanine tonight.  very smart commentary that will prove to be correct! as soon as john kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against crooked hillary clinton.  i will win! i had a great day c in connecticut.  looking for a big vote on tuesday! congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @ap today.  amazing job! lynne ryan -- just read your great story in the ny times -- i am proud of you.  thanks!   you delaware!  #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain #trumptrain  you bridgeport, connecticut! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  you waterbury, connecticut! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 video:   cast your vote for trump for potus & also vote for the trump delegates in your congressional district!   be spending the day c in connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries.  i will stop this fast! thank you pennsylvania!  #trump2016  you indiana!  was great seeing everyone on wednesday!  i will be back soon!  #trump2016  you california!  see you soon! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  you, @donaldjtrumpjr!  #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain   you for the incredible support, maryland!  this is a movement! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 met prince on numerous occasions.  he was an amazing talent and wonderful guy.  he will be greatly missed! cruz said kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237.  now he can't get to 1237.  drop out lyin' ted. both ted cruz and john kasich have no path to victory.  they should both drop out of the race so that the republican party can unify! senator ted cruz has been mathematically eliminated from race.  he said kasich should get out for same reason.  i think both should get out! i will be doing the @todayshow with my wife, melania, and the rest of my family in a major town hall.  hopefully, it will be fun!  enjoy. 7a. m. thank you maryland- what a great way to conclude the day!  will be back soon.  #trump2016   are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to indiana! had a meeting with the terrific @govpencein of indiana.  so excited to c in his wonderful state!   you indiana!  will be back soon! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain  watch this 360 video of my speech last night at trump tower-  to indiana!  #trump2016  cruz is mathematically out of winning the race.  now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do.  i will beat hillary! make america great again!   @realdonaldtrump @cnn @oreillyfactor   wow, really nice! thank you new york, i will never forget! thank you new york!  i love you! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  is so negative it is impossible to watch.  terrible panel, angry haters.  bill o  @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me! @greenskydeb: look everybody, donaldtrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying! ! !  #trumptrain #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain@keksec__org: @realdonaldtrump your policies will make this state and country great again!  #makeamericagreatagain  @realdonaldtrump everybody is in a new york state of mind now! polls close in 3 hours!  everyone get out and vote! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain @donaldjtrumpjr: a message from donald j.  trump to new york!    #newyorkvaluesin buffalo last night- on the eve of the #nyprimary. lets go ny!  #votetrump  with oprah- discussing why i would never rule out a run for #potus. #trump2016 #votetrumpny #primaryday  did the house task force onurgent fiscal issues call- when america needed help?  #trump2016  go america!  time to take backour country, and #makeamericagreatagainwatch video & go#votetrump!   #trump2016 closing speech inbuffalo, new york! #votetrumpny  me in indianapolis, indiana tomorrow at 3pm!  #trump2016#makeamericagreatagaintickets:   you eric!   big day for new york and for our country!  make america great again! i am on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a. m.  enjoy! thank you buffalo!  #nyprimary   #nyprimary ted cruz even voted against superstorm sandy aid and september 11th help.  so many new yorkers devastated.  cruz hates new york! new york, we will make america great again!   only looks o. k.  in polls against hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed zero negative ads against himlyin' ted cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-i am millions of votes ahead!  hillary would destroy him & k@diamondandsilk: . @realdonaldtrump is who we need 2 fix this corrupted, rigged system.  4 no profit, under budget & ahead of schedule. thank you for today's endorsement, new york veteran police association!  #newyorkvalues   you, california!  will see you soon!  #makeamericagreatagain   would have millions of votes more than hillary except for the fact that i had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named bernie! crooked hillary clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me.  i am the one person she doesn't want to run against.  will be such fun! lyin' ted cruz can't get votes i am millions ahead of him so he has to get his delegates from the republican bosses.  it won't work! lyin' ted cruz will never be able to beat hillary.  despite a rigged delegate system, i am hundreds of delegates ahead of him. i'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, staten island.  big crowd, will be fun! #makeamericagreatagain #nyprimary  you california, connecticut, maryland, and pennsylvania! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  you tomorrow dutchess county, new york!  #nyprimary #trumptrain  be on hannity tonight.  rebroadcast of town hall from pittsburgh, pa.  8:00pm on fox.  enjoy!  #trump2016  @foxnews @realdonaldtrump i think it's more like 64%.  #votetrumpny🗽 #makeamericagreatagain! @ashleyedam: new cbs poll shows defections from cruz's core supporters & increased support for @realdonaldtrump not surprising. @trumptbird: dear  i'm starting to believe that you're actually going to win!  #trump2016 #presidenttrump #primary  trump holds 66% favorable rating in new york – leads hillary clinton by 19pts in empire  you, syracuse!  #nyprimary  arrived in syracuse, ny.  big crowd, great place!  we will bring back the desperately needed jobs.  #nyprimary  @foxandfriends this morning.   will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 a. m.  i will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled republican primaries! @dmharvey89: @realdonaldtrump @wdct8110 i just voted for @realdonaldtrump in indiana.  everyone i talk to was following suit!  fantastic! @herb_st @jackoffjosh711 @senfrankniceley @foxnews @wsj we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him great! @wdct8110: @realdonaldtrump we love you donald !  finally someone who actually cares about us . .  ! !   @realdonaldtrump praying for your family and your win in new york.  thank you! join me this weekend!  #nyprimary4/16: syracuse - noon4/16: watertown - 3pm #trump2016thank you, @nypost!  #trump2016 you america!  #trump2016  america great again!  me on saturday- in syracuse, new york!  #nyprimary #trump2016  you pittsburgh, pennsylvania! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  protest march in colorado on friday afternoon!  don't let the bosses take your vote! the rules did change in colorado shortly after i entered the race in june because the pols and their bosses knew i would win with the votersbiggest story in politics is now happening in the great state of colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting! will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @foxnews tonight at 10pm from pennsylvania.  enjoy!  #trump2016  me in pittsburgh- tonight at 7pme!  #trump2016 #trumptraintickets:  #trump2016  #trump2016   to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family.  will be rebroadcast at 12:00 a. m.   eastern. i love new york!  #newyorkvalues  you california, maryland, new york, and pennsylvania!  see you soon! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  just confirmed #trump2016 as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates.  #makeamericagreatagain  great new poll- new york!  thank you for your support!  #trump2016#newyorkvalues   you albany, new york! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  me in rome, ny- tomorrow! #trump2016 #nyprimarytickets available:  in & join me live in albany, new york!  7pme start time!  i love you new york!  #trump2016 #trumptrain  very interesting piece, by a very good writer, @kirstenpowers of @usatoday and @foxnews.   for albany, new york now, massive crowd expected.  very exciting! why does the liberal media think bill o'reilly  @oreillyfactor is a complete and total vulgarian?  i don't think so! colorado trump delegates scratched from ballots at gop convention  is happening all over our country—great people being disenfranchised bypoliticians.  repub party is in trouble!   @realdonaldtrump @wvtts1017 thanks for rochester rally.   great people, thank you! @wvtts1017: @realdonaldtrump just listened to you on fox.  i love you so much.   thank you! @autoprofessor17: @realdonaldtrump great job on fox n friends this morning.  very well spoken and presidential.  #trumptrain@timehascome1: @waynedupreeshow @thepatriot143 trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in colorado.  he'd get 100k & own the news cyclei will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a. m.  enjoy! the people of colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians.  biggest story in politics.  this will not be allowed! how is it possible that the people of the great state of colorado never got to vote in the republican primary?  great anger - totally unfair! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by cruz c bad system! the @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately.  i want other nations to pay the u. s.  for our defense of them.  we are the suckers-no more! @agentvf: new jersey man joseph hornick willing to go to jail for flying trump flag - breitbart   @q102philly@getreal1234: @realdonaldtrump @kids123nicholas @gqforbes @reptommarino let's go pa he has my vote go trump@jlopez05391: @realdonaldtrump rochester loves you!  see you tomorrow!  #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 #trumptrain a big crowd! @becker_berta: @vivhall3 @reince millions more will burn their republican registration if gop continues to subvert the will of the people. @metalmom888:  @theresa_cali if the gop screws trump, his millions will walk from the gop never to return!  they better think long and hard@anncoulter: gop is trying to steal nomination from the winner trump not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner sanders. @governor_savage: @realdonaldtrump is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess.  #makeamericagreatagain@mutual408grace: @realdonaldtrump @gene70 california women love mr trump too.  will make it happen in new york on april 19.  go out & vote. @kids123nicholas: @gqforbes  @reptommarino @realdonaldtrump. lets get it done philadelphia pa. make trump your pick for president now. @pennyhicks13: @carolde @kisster1 @foxnews   your tax and economic plans are second to none!   media shld report. @theresa_cali: poll shows @realdonaldtrump leads among registered republican women with 44%.  👍🏻  thank you! @vivhall3: @realdonaldtrump here your delegate replaced at co gop convention.   very sad! a great honor to visit the 9/11 memorial museum with my wife, @melaniatrump, today.  #newyorkvalues  @realdonaldtrump the real person of the year!    wow! @gene70: @realdonaldtrump fugedaboudit! ! !  the woman in new york love donald trump! ! !   sanders says that hillary clinton is unqualified to be president.  based on her decision making ability, i can go along with that! isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight@dnglax:  yes!  thank u 4 coming to li!  it was a thrill 2 b part of it!  u will get the job done!  #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 🇺🇸@alexnightrasor: @realdonaldtrump @lilrachiepoo trump will be our best president since reagan! @lilrachiepoo: @realdonaldtrump thank you, mr.  trump, for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to #makeamericagreatagain@repalonelori: @realdonaldtrump @kirstiealley we love you and know you will do an awesome job!  saw you in bethpage ! !  👏👏👏 thank you. @redneckgp: all you haters out there, stop trashing the only candidate @realdonaldtrump that will put all of you & america first  #trump@repmartindaniel: we support you #haileypuckett.  you will go far in life.  smart and courageous! @kirstiealley: hello boys!  this is my formal endorsement of @realdonaldtrump & i'm a woman!  last i checked and rudy, u r amazing! @cam: reports are rnc has received +1 million postcards so far!  if i get more info on ## i'll post @anncoulter  trump—the disrupter” will air on @foxnews saturday night and sunday night at 8 pm et.  anchored by @bretbaier.  @johnrobertsfoxnobody beats me on national security.   like i was right about nato.  i had no doubt.   is a terrific person.   @realdonaldtrump @glozee1 @paulmanafort @cnn @danscavino vote trump to save the west.  don't become like europe - #wakeupamerica@glozee1: great interview with @paulmanafort on @cnn regarding @realdonaldtrump path to victory #newday #makeamericagreatagain @danscavino@wpayton344: @paulmanafort great interview on cnn-being from ct- i am thrilled you are part of this team-go trump! so great to be in new york.  catching up on many things remember, i am still running a major business while i c and loving it! @iamdavek: @realdonaldtrump first wwe hall of famer to become president? @dicristo13: @realdonaldtrump let's have the policy speeches on immigration, economy,  foreign policy, and nato!   @realrudygiulian @realdonaldtrump thanks rudy! ! !  trump will be a great president! ! @genie115: #makeamericagreatagain we can only do that with @realdonaldtrump rt  @seanhannity @tedcruz @realdonaldtrump cruz is hated in new york.  he should go home - no place for a phonyted cruz attacked new yorkers and new york values- we don't forget!   #trump2016  evening.  just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing new yorkers in bethpage, long island--- great to be home! i was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor.  pure fiction! it is so great to be back home!  looking forward to a great rally tonight in bethpage, long island! still time to get out and vote! #wiprimary #trump2016 #maga @donaldjtrumpjr: last chance #wisconsin: find your polling location for today's primary & go vote!  visit  🇺🇸🇺🇸 #t…wow, @politico is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting.  goodnews -- bad, dishonest journalists!   @erictrump: #wisconsin: to find your voting location visit  #makeamericagreatagain  #trumptrain 🚂💨💨🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  challenge to all wi gun owners.  vote @realdonaldtrump. the only candidate that will protect your rights!   we will make america great again! good morning wisconsin!  the polls are now open!  #votetrump today & we will makeamericagreatagain!   america great again!  @scottbaio: #donaldtrump is the only guy, i think, that has the will & the nerve to attack & to fight.   something very close to my heart.  i'm a navy vet!  i love @realdonaldtrump's  veterans administration reforms. i will be on @seanhannity @foxnews- tonight at 10pme w/ @melaniatrump, from wisconsin.  enjoy!  #wiprimary #trump2016  america great again!  superior, wisconsin now.  thank you!  #trump2016 #wiprimary  great news from wisconsin.  just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight.  thank you!   be interviewed on @seanhannity on @foxnews from #wisconsin tonight.  my wife, melania, will join me for the entire show. congratulations jim herman!  we are all proud of you @trumpgolf!  departing la crosse, wisconsin.  thank you!  #trump2016 #wiprimary  tweet from @realdonaldtrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder. a great day in wisconsin, many stops, many great people!  melania is joining me on monday.  big crowds.  make america great again! a great night in west allis, wisconsin!  thank you!  #votetrumpwi #wiprimary   am on @foxnews with @greta doing a town hall, from wisconsin- now!  enjoy! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016congratulations to @gohermie for winning the @shellhouopen.  we are all proud of you @tngcbedminster & all @trumpgolf clubs!  great going! i will be in milwaukee, wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pme with @melaniatrump.  join us!  #wiprimary #trump2016  you miss katie's diner! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  you new york, and pennsylvania!  #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  i don't care about the game, i care about the people.  and that's exactly why we the people love you so much!  #trump2016thank you!  #trump2016 #wiprimary  #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 @realdonaldtrump is the only deal ! ! !   #wisconsin vote smart @tedcruz records r sealed. .  what is he hiding?  save america w/ @realdonaldtrump  is reviewing the week,but majority of the show about @realdonaldtrump cuz there would be 0. 0 ratings if not.  media's a jokei will be on @foxnewssunday with chris wallace this morning.  enjoy! @facethenation: tune in for our sit-down interview with republican frontrunner @realdonaldtrump!   you eau claire, wisconsin.  #votetrump on tuesday, april 5th! make america great again!   will be interviewed by @jdickerson on @facethenation tomorrow morning.  enjoy!  #trump2016a great day in wisconsin! thank you #racine & #wausau!  just arrived in #eauclaire!  #trump2016#wiprimary #trumptrain  should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack! . @heytammybruce- thank you for your nice words on fox today.  they never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with! great honor to have @gop general counsel, #johnryder as a trump delegate in tn.  rnc meeting well worth it!  unifying the party! join me on monday, april 4th in milwaukee!  #wiprimary #trump2016tickets:   has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if i win, all of the bad things happening in the u. s.  will be rapidly reversed! i will be in wisconsin until the election.  jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors.  i will bring jobs back home - make great deals! if @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock!  my h to h interview with @ac360 beat her by millions! is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but donald trump on her terrible show.  she totally misrepresents my words and positions!  bad. make america great again!   you believe that ted cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a wisconsin ad talking about trade? we must build a great wall between mexico and the united states!   new radio ad, airing today in wisconsin!  see you soon! #wiprimary #trump2016  anybody like lyin' ted?   the 1st time in american history, america’s 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me!  thank you. the national border patrol council nbpc said that our open border is the biggest physical & economic threat facing the american people! the club for growth said in their ad that 465 delegates cruz plus 143 delegates kasich is more than my 739 delegates.  try again! the club for growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a wisconsin ad with incorrect math. what a dumb group! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  you, new york!  #trump2016  you, america!  #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain   you, wisconsin!  #votetrump next tuesday, april 5th!  #wiprimary  had a very nice meeting with @reince priebus and the @gop.  looking forward to bringing the party together --- and it will happen! the trump doctrine: peace through strength.  #trump2016   nothing you say will change my mind!  woman for @realdonaldtrump  @loudobbsnews @realdonaldtrump i'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary.   great! thank you- appleton, wisconsin! #wiprimary #trump2016   to @cnn for having the wisdom to pick trump!  #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  keep your thoughts & prayers with melissa young- miss wisconsin 2005.   you, new york! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016  @donaldjtrumpjr: nice piece and video today in the wall street journal: trump’s three eldest children jump into c  got thrown off of tv by nbc, fired like a dog!  now he is on @cnn being nasty to me.  not nice! final #'s just announced in the great state of mo.  trump wins!  new certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates! thank you!  #trump2016  defends c manager charged for bruising a reporter: you!  #makeamericagreatagain  america great again!  is this reporter touching me as i leave news conference?  what is in her hand? ?   was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility, she changed her tune.   press conference was over.  why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions?  can i press charges?   aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape? wow, corey lewandowski, my c manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter.  look at tapes-nothing there! how come the @todayshow & @chucktodd show the new @nbcnews poll for hillary vs bernie but do not show the same poll where i am killing cruz? i have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than cruz or kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the republican party or the rnc. wow, @cnn has nothing but my opponents on their shows.  really one-sided and unfair reporting.  maybe i shouldn't do their town-hall tonight! we need to secure our borders asap.  no games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant.  make america great again & make america strong again! lyin' ted, i have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates.  you should focus on jobs & illegal imm! lyin'ted cruz is weak & losing big, so now he wants to debate again.  but, according to drudge,time and on-line polls, i have won all debatesafter the way i beat gov.  scott walker and jeb, rand, marco and all others in the presidential primaries, no way he would ever endorse me! @pauladuvall2:  cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say.  if you're for motherhood, he'll be against it! just released that international gangs are all over our cities.  this will end when i am president! @wolfblitzer:  c popular gop totals: @realdonaldtrump 7,546,980; @tedcruz 5,481,737; @johnkasich 2,724,749 a big differenceted cruz is incensed that i want to refocus nato on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to pay fair share, a must! a detainee released from gitmo has killed an american.  when will our so-called leaders ever learn! kirsten powers: anti- trump operative was aggressively shopping cruz story via the gateway pundit:  @realdonaldtrump we stand by trump 100%  thank you! i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30.  things are looking good, had a great easter-look forward to spending the week in wisconsin! @victorconkle: #wiprimary @realdonaldtrump will defeat isis and #makeamericagreatagain  united states cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals.  there are only so many jobs we can give up.  no more! see lyin' ted, even the @dailybeast no fan of mine says this story came from rubio, not trump!   to show you how unfair republican primary politics can be, i won the state of louisiana and get less delegates than cruz-lawsuit comingwhy can't the pundits be honest?  hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again.  i will make it strong and great!   jobs! another radical islamic attack, this time in pakistan, targeting christian women & children.  at least 67 dead,400 injured.  i alone can solvehappy easter to all, have a great day! my statement on nato being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive and unfair for the u. s.  are now, finally, receiving plaudits! wow, sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again.  he is do totally biased.  the things i am saying are correct.  - far better vision than the othersi am interviewed on this week on @abc this morning.  enjoy! only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸…  job losses.  american companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives. the meeting next week with china will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficitswhere are @repmarkmeadows, @jim_jordan and @raul_labrador? #repealandreplace #obamacareif @repmarkmeadows, @jim_jordan and @raul_labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts & reform. great op-ed from @repkenbuck.  looks like some in the freedom caucus are helping me end #obamacare.   failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world.  gotten me wrong for two solid years.  change libel laws?   freedom caucus will hurt the entire republican agenda if they don't get on the team, & fast.  we must fight them, & dems, in 2018! today we honored our true american heroes on the first-ever national vietnam war veterans day. #thankaveteran…  melania and i were honored to stop by the women's empowerment  panel this afternoon at the @whitehouse. …  eo established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis.  watch listening session➡️…  the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media! remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers, right after the election, because their coverage was so wrong.  now worse! why doesn't fake news talk about podesta ties to russia as covered by @foxnews or money from russia to clinton - sale of  uranium? a new era in american energy!  #madeintheusa🇺🇸watch here:   was an honor to welcome @glfop to the @whitehouse today with @vp pence & attorney general sessions.  thank you fo…  failing @nytimes would do much better if they were honest!   @foxandfriends now on podesta and russia! big announcement by ford today.  major investment to be made in three michigan plants.  car companies coming back to u. s.   jobs!  jobs!  jobs! the democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as obamacare folds - not long.  do not worry, we are in very  good shape! the republican house freedom caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory.  after so many bad years they were ready for a win! money to bill, the hillary russian reset, praise of russia by hillary, or podesta russian company.  trump russia story is a hoax.  #maga! why isn't the house intelligence committee looking into the bill & hillary deal that allowed big uranium to go to russia, russian speech. general kelly is doing a great job at the border.  numbers are way down.  many are not even trying to come in anymore. democrats are smiling in d. c.  that the freedom caucus, with the help of club for growth and heritage, have saved planned parenthood & ocare! thanks you for all of the trump rallies today.  amazing support.  we will all make america great again! watch @judgejeanine on @foxnews tonight at 9:00 p. m. obamacare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for the people.  do not worry! happy #medalofhonorday to our heroes!  ➡️  i was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 billion & 20k american jobs over the next 4 years.  thank you…  i was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #keystonepipeline.  a grea…  irony is that the freedom caucus, which is very pro-life and against planned parenthood, allows p. p.  to continue if they stop this plan! after seven horrible years of obamacare skyrocketing premiums & deductibles, bad healthcare, this is finally your chance for a great plan! it was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @whitehouse today!   are taking action to #repealandreplace #obamacare!  contact your rep & tell them you support #ahca.  #passthebill…  great american, kurt cochran, was killed in the london terror attack.  my prayers and condolences are with his family and friends. just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called russia story on nbc and abc.  such dishonesty! spoke to u. k.  prime minister theresa may today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in london.  she is strong and doing very well. 'trump celebrates american manufacturing survey showing highest level of optimism in 20 years' ➡️…  is an exciting time for our country! #weeklyaddress #confirmgorsuch  #scotus  meeting with a wonderful woman today, former secretary of state, condoleezza rice!  #usa🇺🇸  was an honor to welcome the prime minister of denmark, lars løkke rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @whitehouse yes…  flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt excuse for big election loss, by media & dems, of historic proportion! #peaceofficersmemorialday and#policeweek proclamation:   i delivered remarks at the 36th annual national peace officers' memorial service.  #nationalpoliceweekwatch…  @flotus melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends!  happy #mothersdayi was thrilled to be back @libertyu.  congratulations to the class of 2017!  this is your day, and you've earned it. …  be interviewed by @judgejeanine on @foxnews at 9:00 p. m.  saturday night.  enjoy! #weeklyaddress🇺🇸➡️  i welcomed the victory christian center school.  good luck @ the team america rocketry challenge!  #tarc watch…  @flotus hosted a military mother's day event in the east room of the wh.  it was an honor to stop by, say hel…  just agreed that the u. s.  will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into china once again.  this is real news! when james clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end? james comey better hope that there are no tapes of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press! maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future press briefings and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy? ? ? as a very active president with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy! . the fake media is working overtime today! again, the story that there was collusion between the russians & trump c was fabricated by dems as an excuse for losing the election. yesterday, on the same day- i had meetings with russian foreign minister sergei lavrov and the fm of ukraine, pavlo…  must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the u. s.  tears itself apart over a democrat excuse for losing the election. we finally agree on something rosie.   executive order on the establishment of presidential advisory commission on election integrity'➡️…  executive order on strengthening the cybersecurity of federal networks and critical infrastructure'…  democrats should be ashamed.  this is a disgrace! #draintheswamp  have been complaining for months & months about dir.  comey.  now that he has been fired they pretend to be aggrieved.  phony hypocrites! the roger stone report on @cnn is false - fake news.  have not spoken to roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision. caught, he cried like a baby and begged for forgivenessand now he is judge & jury.  he should be the one who is investigated for his acts. years, as a pol in connecticut, blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in vietnam - except he was never there.  when. watching senator richard blumenthal speak of comey is a joke.  richie devised one of the greatest military frauds in u. s.  history.  for. rt @drudge_report: 10 scandals on director's watch  lost the confidence of almost everyone in washington, republican and democrat alike.  when things calm down, they will be thanking me! rt @drudge_report: mexico 2nd deadliest country; tops afghan, iraq  comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job, bringing back the spirit and prestige of the fbi. the democrats have said some of the worst things about james comey, including the fact that he should be fired, but now they play so sad! cryin' chuck schumer stated recently, i do not have confidence in him james comey any longer.  then acts so indignant.   #drainthesw openings, hires rise to highest levels of the recovery' was an honor to welcome the teachers of the year to the wh last month.  today, we honor and thank all teachers! …  story today between clapper & yates is on surveillance.  why doesn't the media report on this?  #fakenews! the russia-trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end? sally yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news! director clapper reiterated what everybody, including the fake media already knows- there is no evidence of collusion w/ russia and trump. honored to welcome georgia prime minister, giorgi kvirikashvili to the @whitehouse today with @vp mike pence. …  sally yates, under oath, if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to w. h.  counsel. general flynn was given the highest security clearance by the obama administration - but the fake news seldom likes talking about that. congratulations to @pga_johndaly on his big win yesterday.  john is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again! rt @israelipm: pm benjamin netanyahu at  weekly cabinet meeting:in two weeks, israel will host @potus trump on his first trip as president…rexnord of indiana made a deal during the obama administration to move to mexico.  fired their employees.  tax product big that's sold in u. s. congratulations to emmanuel macron on his big win today as the next president of france.  i look very much forward to working with him! republican senators will not let the american people down!  obamacare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead! rt @brunelldonald: i thought about jobs that went overseas failing schools open borders not my skin color when i voted @realdonaldtrump!  i…rt @foxnews: . @potus: i'm not against the media.  i'm against the fake media.  #cashinin  will the fake media ask about the dems dealings with russia & why the dnc wouldn't allow the fbi to check their server or investigate? the reason i am staying in bedminster, n.  j. , a beautiful community, is that staying in nyc is much more expensive and disruptive.  meetings! great jobs report today - it is all beginning to work! why is it that the fake news rarely reports ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives?  it's dead! wow,the fake news media did everything in its power to make the republican healthcare victory look as bad as possible. far better than ocare! #weeklyaddress🇺🇸  jobs, jobs!   course the australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does.  obamacare is dead!  but our healthcare will soon be great. rather than causing a big disruption in n. y. c. , i will be working out of my home in bedminster, n. j.  this weekend.  also saves country money! big win in the house - very exciting!  but when everything comes together with the inclusion of phase 2, we will have truly great healthcare! an honor to welcome pm of australia, @turnbullmalcolm to america & join him in marking the 75th anniversary of the…  was a great day for the united states of america!  this is a great plan that is a repeal & replace of obamacare. …  victorious, republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful rose garden of the white house immediately after vote! insurance companies are fleeing obamacare - it is dead.  our healthcare plan will lower premiums & deductibles - and be great healthcare! i am watching the democrats trying to defend the you can keep you doctor, you can keep your plan & premiums will go down obamacare lie. beautiful evening with religious leaders here at the wh last night.  join us now for a #nationaldayofprayer, live:…  spiral! 'aetna will exit obamacare markets in va in 2018, citing expected losses on indv plans this year' @foxandfriends: president trump to sign an executive order on religious liberty today, the national day of prayer | @kevincorke  to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike. the fake news media is officially out of control.  they will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this! allegations of unmasking trump transition officials.  not good! susan rice, the former national security advisor to president obama, is refusing to testify before a senate subcommittee next week on. . it was an honor to stop by a #schoolchoice event hosted by @vp pence and @usedgov secretary @betsydevosed at the…  story was an excuse used by the democrats as justification for losing the election.  perhaps trump just ran a great c director comey was the best thing that ever happened to hillary clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds!  the phonycongratulations to the winners of the commander-in-chief's trophy, the great air force falcons!  watch:…  elect more republican senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%.  our country needs a good shutdown in september to fix mess! the reason for the plan negotiated between the republicans and democrats is that we need 60 votes in the senate which are not there!  we. president andrew jackson, who died 16 years before the civil war started, saw it coming and was angry.  would never have let it happen! #icymi- on saturday i signed two eo's to help keep jobs & wealth in our country. eo1:  eo2:…  month we celebrate the contributions of asian americans & pacific islanders that enrich our nation.   plan is on its way.  will have much lower premiums & deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions! you can't compare anything to obamacare because obamacare is dead.  dems want billions to go to insurance companies to bail out donors. newthe democrats, without a leader, have become the party of obstruction. they are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for u. s. big excitement last night in the great state of pennsylvania!  fantastic crowd and people.  make america great again! i will be interviewed on @facethenation this morning at 10:00 a. m.  have a great day! rt @charliekirk11: 100 days ago a new message, leader, & movement took the oval office!  a government for the people by the people.  this is…mainstream fake media refuses to state our long list of achievements, including 28 legislative signings, strong borders & great optimism! looking forward to rally in the great state of pennsylvania tonight at 7:30.  big crowd, big energy! . @loudobbs just stated that president trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history  thank you lou! rt @foxnation: .  @tuckercarlson : #dems don't really believe #trump is a pawn of #russia - that's just their political tool   korea disrespected the wishes of china & its highly respected president when it launched, though unsuccessfully, a missile today.  bad! i will be interviewed by @marthamaccallum on @foxnews tonight at 7pm.  enjoy! we are making tremendous progress with the v.  a.  there has never been so much done so quickly, and we have just started.  we love our vets! rt @foxandfriends: former president obama's $400k wall street speech stuns liberal base; sen.  warren saying she was troubled by that  i signed an executive order on improving accountability and whistleblower protection at the @deptvetaffairs:…  memorandum for the @commercegov, @secretaryross re: aluminum imports and threats to national security:…  melania and i were honored to welcome argentina president @mauriciomacri and first lady juliana awada to t…  families prepare for summer vacations in our national parks - democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government.  terrible! democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders. democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies.  it is time to put #americafirst🇺🇸what's more important?  rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies?  ask the democrats. i promise to rebuild our military and secure our border.  democrats want to shut down the government.  politics! i want to help our miners while the democrats are blocking their healthcare. the democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out puerto rico and give billions to their insurance companies for ocare failure.  no! subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all, we will then terminate nafta.  relationships are good-deal very possible! i received calls from the president of mexico and the prime minister of canada asking to renegotiate nafta rather than terminate.  i agreed. . democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #obamacare, and puerto rico with your tax dollars.  sad! a great great honor to welcome & recognize the national teacher of the year, as well as the teacher of the year fro…  i signed an executive order on enforcing statutory prohibitions on federal control of education.  eo:…  i signed an executive order @ the u. s.  dept.  of @interior: 'review of designations under the antiquities act…  birthday to our @flotus, melania!    u. s.  recorded its slowest economic growth in five years 2016.  gdp up only 1. 6%.  trade deficits hurt the economy very badly. the ninth circuit, which has a terrible record of being overturned close to 80%.  they used to call this judge shopping!  messy system. out of our very big country, with many choices, does everyone notice that both the ban case and now the sanctuary case is brought in first the ninth circuit rules against the ban & now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings.  see you in the supreme court! 'presidential executive order on promoting agriculture and rural prosperity in america'executive order:…  at the united states holocaust memorial museum's national days of remembrance.  full remarks:…  let the fake media tell you that i have changed my position on the wall.  it will get built and help stop drugs, human trafficking etc. canada has made business for our dairy farmers in wisconsin and other border states very difficult.  we will not stand for this.  watch! proud of @ivankatrump for her leadership on these important issues.  looking forward to hearing her speak at the w20!   i signed the holocaust remembrance proclamation:  #icymi- my statement last night at…  our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down.  obamacare is in a death spiral! join me in congratulating @nasa's @astropeggy by using the hashtag #congratspeggy!  earlier today:…  wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will never be fixed the way it should be! #buildthewallthe wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth and many others!  ifthe two fake news polls released yesterday, abc & nbc, while containing some very positive info, were totally wrong in general e.  watch! popular vote.  abc news/washington post poll wrong big on election said almost all stand by their vote on me & 53% said strong leader. new polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is fake and almost always negative.  would still beat hillary in . . eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall. the democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad ms 13 gang members. obamacare is in serious trouble.  the dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought. thank you lake worth, florida.  @foxandfriendsvery interesting election currently taking place in france. i am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection.  jobs matter! today on earth day, we celebrate our beautiful forests, lakes and land.  we stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation. big tax reform and tax reduction will be announced next wednesday. next saturday night i will be holding a big rally in pennsylvania.  look forward to it! getting ready to visit walter reed medical center with melania.  looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest americans! rt @foxandfriends: israeli pm netanyahu praises u. s.  policy changes during meeting with defense.  sec mattis  @foxandfriends: chicago approves new plan to hide illegal immigrants from the feds, plus give them access to city services  5 sb victories since 2002, it was my honor to give bob kraft, coach belichick, and the players their first to…  executive order on identifying and reducing tax regulatory burdens' executive order:…  @scavino45: . @potus @realdonaldtrump, @ivankatrump, jared kushner, & dina powell in the oval office today w/ aya & her brother basel. #w…welcome home, aya! #godblesstheusa🇺🇸  is very much the economic lifeline to north korea so, while nothing is easy, if they want to solve the north korean problem, they willno matter how much i accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days, & it has been a lot including s. c. , media will kill! another terrorist attack in paris.  the people of france will not take much more of this.  will have a big effect on presidential election! rt @foxandfriends: nyt editor apologizes for misleading tweet about new england patriots' visit to the white house via @foxfriendsfirst h…a great honor to host pm paolo gentiloni of italy at the white house this afternoon!  #icymi- joint press conference…  going to use american steel, we're going to use american labor, we are going to come first in all deals.  ➡️…  @nytimes, which has been calling me wrong for two years, just got caught in a big lie concerning new england patriots visit to w. h. a great honor to host the @superbowl ch new england @patriots at the white house today.  congratulations! …  i signed the veterans our heroes choice program extension & improvement act @ the @whitehouse.  #s544 watch…   failed in kansas and are now failing in georgia.  great job karen handel!  it is now hollywood vs.  georgia on june 20th. despite major outside money, fake media support and eleven republican candidates, big r win with runoff in georgia.  glad to be of help! #buyamericanhireamerican🇺🇸watch➡️  learned that jon @ossoff, who is running for congress in georgia, doesn't even live in the district.  republicans, get out and vote! republicans must get out today and vote in georgia 6.  force runoff and easy win!  dem ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime & 2nd a. democrat jon ossoff would be a disaster in congress.  very weak on crime and illegal immigration, bad for jobs and wants higher taxes.  say noi will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 a. m.  enjoy! the weak illegal immigration policies of the obama admin.  allowed bad ms 13 gangs to form in cities across u. s.  we are removing them fast! with eleven republican candidates running in georgia on tuesday for congress, a runoff will be a win.  vote r for lower taxes & safety! see you tomorrow wisconsin! 'trump spurs small-business optimism in milwaukee area' approval hits 50% @drudge_report: trump approval hits 50%  super liberal democrat in the georgia congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes! the fake media not real media has gotten even worse since the election.  every story is badly slanted.  we have to hold them to the truth! a great book for your reading enjoyment: reasons to vote for democrats by michael j.  knowles. the first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!  so true.  @foxandfriendsthe recent kansas election congress was a really big media event, until the republicans won.  now they play the same game with georgia-bad! our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before.  frankly, we have no choice! someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday.  the election is over! i did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a republican-easily won the electoral college!  now tax returns are brought up again? happy easter to everyone! why would i call china a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the north korean problem?  we will see what happens! rt @flotus: looking forward to hosting the annual easter egg roll at the @whitehouse on monday!   address-   @drudge_report: great again: feds arrest murder suspect in 'fast and furious' scandal  was a great honor to welcome atlanta's heroic first responders to the white house this afternoon!   will work out fine between the u. s. a.  and russia.  at the right time everyone will come to their senses & there will be lasting peace! i have great confidence that china will properly deal with north korea.  if they are unable to do so, the u. s. , with its allies, will!  u. s. a. jobs are returning, illegal immigration is plummeting, law, order and justice are being restored.  we are truly making america great again! one by one we are keeping our promises - on the border, on energy, on jobs, on regulations.  big changes are happening! economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the american workers.  #americafirstgreat meeting w/ nato sec.  gen.  we agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share & focus on…  win in kansas last night for ron estes, easily winning the congressional race against the dems, who spent heavily & predicted victory! had a very good call last night with the president of china concerning the menace of north korea. i will be interviewed by @mariabartiromo at 6:00 a. m.  @foxbusiness.  enjoy! great strategic & policy ceo forum today with my cabinet secretaries and top ceo's from around the united states. …  estes is running today for congress in the great state of kansas.  a wonderful guy, i need his help on healthcare & tax cuts reform. north korea is looking for trouble.  if china decides to help, that would be great.  if not, we will solve the problem without them!   u. s. a. i explained to the president of china that a trade deal with the u. s.  will be far better for them if they solve the north korean problem! rt @foxnation: grateful syrians react to @realdonaldtrump strike: 'i'll name my son donald'  #syrianstrikeshappy passover to everyone celebrating in the united states of america, israel, and around the world.  #chagsameachcongratulations to justice neil gorsuch on his elevation to the united states supreme court.  a great day for americ…  you @usnavy!  #usa  that president al sisi will handle situation properly. so sad to hear of the terrorist attack in egypt.  u. s.  strongly condemns.  i have greatjudge gorsuch will be sworn in at the rose garden of the white house on monday at 11:00 a. m.  he will be a great justice.  very proud of him! the reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix fill in and top! congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the united states, and the world, so well in the syria attack. goodwill and friendship was formed, but only time will tell on trade. it was a great honor to have president xi jinping and madame peng liyuan of china as our guests in the united states.  tremendousrt @ivankatrump: very proud of arabella and joseph for their performance in honor of president xi jinping and madame peng liyuan's official…it was an honor to host our american heroes from the @wwp #soldierridedc at the @whitehouse today with @flotus, @vp…  jobs, jobs!   am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship & to strengthening america's long-standing support for…  to talk jobs with #nabtu2017.  tremendous spirit & optimism - we will deliver!   you sean mcgarvey & the entire governing board of presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak.  #nabtu2017…  #ceotownhall➡️  @drudge_report: rice ordered spy docs on trump?   was an honor to welcome president al sisi of egypt to the @whitehouse as we renew the historic partnership betwe…  forward to hosting our heroes from the wounded warrior project @wwp soldier ride to the @whitehouse on th…  ready to meet president al-sisi of egypt.  on behalf of the united states, i look forward to a long and wonderful relationship. . @foxnews from multiple sources: there was electronic surveillance of trump, and people close to trump.  this is unprecedented.  @fbidid hillary clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate?  just asking! was the brother of john podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on russia lifted?  did hillary know? such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends.  spied on before nomination.  the real story. melania and i are honored to light up the @whitehouse this evening, for #worldautismawarenessday.  join us & #liub. …  real story turns out to be surveillance and leaking!  find the leakers. talks on repealing and replacing obamacare are, and have been, going on, and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck. anybody especially  fake news media who thinks that repeal & replace of obamacare is dead does not know the love and strength in r party! thank you @jclayfield -- will get even better as my administration continues to put #americafirst🇺🇸  associated with russia.  trump team spied on before he was nominated.  if this is true, does not get much bigger.  would be sad for u. s. wow, @foxnews just reporting big news.  source: official behind unmasking is high up.  known intel official is responsible.  some unmasked. use subsidies to buy health plans.  in other words, ocare is dead.  good things will happen, however, either with republicans or dems. the failing @nytimes finally gets it - in places where no insurance company offers plans, there will be no way for obamacare customers to. . it is the same fake news media that said there is no path to victory for trump that is now pushing the phony russia story.  a total scam! when will sleepy eyes chuck todd and @nbcnews start talking about the obama surveillance scandal and stop with the fake trump/russia story? we are going to defend our industry & create a level playing field for the american worker.  it is time to put…  @foxandfriends: head of the nypd union slams mayor de blasio for skipping vigil for assassinated cop miosotis familia  @foxandfriends: . @jasoninthehouse: comey went silent when i asked him about his memos, which raised a lot of eyebrows.   @seanhannity: hrc mishandles and destroys classified info-no problem!  pay/play on uranium one no problem!  lynch bc tarmac: it's a matte…if chelsea clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother,as her mother gave our country away, the fake news would say chelsea for pres! when i left conference room for short meetings with japan and other countries, i asked ivanka to hold seat.  very standard.  angela m agrees! i cannot imagine that congress would dare to leave washington without a beautiful new healthcare bill fully approved and ready to go! james comey leaked classified information to the media.  that is so illegal! rt @foxandfriends: report accuses material james comey leaked to a friend contained top secret information  @foxandfriends: . @carriesheffield: the mainstream media is neglecting their duty to represent the public.  they've failed to represent ha…rt @realjameswoods: only now with a #realpresident do we see the scope of destruction engineered by #obama and the #democrat cabal.   @reald…the fact that president putin and i discussed a cyber security unit  doesn't mean i think it can happen.  it can't-but a ceasefire can,& did! syrian ceasefire seems to be holding.  many lives can be saved.  came out of meeting.  good! for years, even as a civilian, i listened as republicans pushed the repeal and replace of obamacare.  now they finally have their chance! make america great again!   were not discussed at my meeting with president putin.  nothing will be done until the ukrainian & syrian problems are solved! have it.  fake news said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 had to apologize.  why did obama do nothing when he had info before election? and safe.  questions were asked about why the cia & fbi had to ask the dnc 13 times for their server, and were rejected, still don't. putin & i discussed forming an impenetrable cyber security unit    so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded. . we negotiated a ceasefire in parts of syria which will save lives.  now it is time to move forward in working constructively with russia! i strongly pressed president putin twice about russian meddling in our election.  he vehemently denied it.  i've already given my opinion. . the g 20 summit was a great success for the u. s.  - explained that the u. s.  must fix the many bad trade deals it has made.  will get done! thank you @senatordole, very kind!   hamburg for washington, d. c.  and the wh.  just left china’s president xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade & north korea. law enforcement & military did a spectacular job in hamburg.  everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists.  @polizeihamburg #g20summitthe #g20summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by chancellor angela merkel.  thank you! we will fight the #fakenews with you!   first day with world leaders at the #g20summit here in hamburg, germany.  looking forward to day two!  #usa  you!  “trump’s defining speech” wsj editorial:   will represent our country well and fight for its interests!  fake news media will never cover me accurately but who cares!  we will #maga! i look forward to all meetings today with world leaders, including my meeting with vladimir putin.  much to discuss. #g20summit #usa🇺🇸everyone here is talking about why john podesta refused to give the dnc server to the fbi and the cia.  disgraceful! after poland had a great meeting with chancellor merkel and then with pm shinzō abe of japan & president moon of south korea. my experience yesterday in poland was a great one.  thank you to everyone, including the haters, for the great reviews of the speech! a strong poland is a blessing to the nations of europe, and a strong europe is a blessing to the west, and to the w…  west will never be broken.  our values will prevail.  our people will thrive and our civilization will triumph!   is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and ext…  behalf of @flotus melania and myself, thank you poland! 🇺🇸🇵🇱#icymi, watch here➡️   to the dedicated professionals of the usss as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary.  thank you!  ➡️…  between china and north korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter.  so much for china working with us - but we had to give it a try! the united states made some of the worst trade deals in world history. why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us? getting ready to leave for poland, after which i will travel to germany for the g-20.  will be back on saturday. #happyindependenceday #usa🇺🇸  prices are the lowest in the u. s.  in over ten years!  i would like to see them go even lower. getting ready to celebrate the 4th of july with a big crowd at the white house.  happy 4th to everyone.  our country will grow and prosper! #happyindependenceday #july4 #usa🇺🇸  japan will put up with this much longer.  perhaps china will put a heavy move on north korea and end this nonsense once and for all! north korea has just launched another missile.  does this guy have anything better to do with his life?  hard to believe that south korea. . rt @jacobawohl: @realdonaldtrump when obama was president, the #msm loved talking about stock market rallies!  now they barely mention new a…dow hit a new intraday all-time high!  i wonder whether or not the fake news media will so report? really great numbers on jobs & the economy!  things are starting to kick in now, and we have just begun!  don't like steel & aluminum dumping! thank you to shawn steel for the nice words on @foxnews. rt @reince: with a strong candidate in @potus & @gop revolutionary data program, republicans carried wi for 1st time in 30 years we can help little #charliegard, as per our friends in the u. k.  and the pope, we would be delighted to do so. at some point the fake news will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers, strong economy, success with isis, the border & so much else! will be speaking with italy this morning! spoke yesterday with the king of saudi arabia about peace in the middle-east.  interesting things are happening! will be speaking with germany and france this morning. america's men & women in uniform is the story of freedom overcoming oppression, the strong protecting the weak, & g…  market at all time high, unemployment at lowest level in years wages will start going up and our base has never been stronger! the dishonest media will never keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our great american people! …  #fnn  will always take care of our great veterans.  you have shed your blood, poured your love, and bared your soul, in…  use of social media is not presidential - it’s modern day presidential.  make america great again! i am thinking about changing the name #fakenews cnn to #fraudnewscnn! . the 2016 election with interviews, speeches and social media.  i had to beat #fakenews, and did.  we will continue to win! the fake & fraudulent news media is working hard to convince republicans and others i should not use social media - but remember, i won. getting rdy to leave for tonight's celebrate freedom concert honoring our great veterans w/ so many of my evangelic…  address🇺🇸 #kateslaw#nosanctuaryforcriminalsactstatement:   joe scarborough and dumb as a rock mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their nbc bosses.  too bad! i am extremely pleased to see that @cnn has finally been exposed as #fakenews and garbage journalism.  it's about time! numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished voter fraud panel.  what are they trying to hide? word is that @greta van susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @nbc & @comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'trump hate! 'happy canada day to all of the great people of canada and to your prime minister and my new found friend @justintrudeau.  #canada150america will think big once again.  we will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of american…  era of strategic patience with the north korea regime has failed.  that patience is over.  we are working closely…  am encouraged by president moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for american workers, b…  low rated @morning_joe for first time in long time.  fake news.  he called me to stop a national enquirer article.  i said no!  bad showcrime and killings in chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that i am sending in federal help.  1714 shootings in chicago this year! if republican senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately repeal, and then replace at a later date! just finished a very good meeting with the president of south korea.  many subjects discussed including north korea and new trade deal! our new american energy policy will unlock millions of jobs & trillions in wealth.  we are on the cusp of a true ene…  it comes to the future of america’s energy needs, we will find it, we will dream it, and we will build it. …  on house passage of kate’s law and no sanctuary for criminals act.   news out of the house with the passing of 'no sanctuary for criminals act. ' hopefully senate will follow. good news, house just passed #kateslaw.  hopefully senate will follow. mattis says trump’s warning stopped chemical weapons attack in syria  me live with @vp, @secretaryperry, @secretaryzinke and @epascottpruitt.  #unleashingamericanenergy america safe again! #nosanctuaryforcriminalsact #kateslaw #saveamericanlives  the house votes on two crucial bills:☑️#nosanctuaryforcriminalsact ☑️#kateslaw ☑️pass these bills & lets…  mar-a-lago 3 nights in a row around new year's eve, and insisted on joining me.  she was bleeding badly from a face-lift.  i said no! i heard poorly rated @morning_joe speaks badly of me don't watch anymore.  then how come low i. q.  crazy mika, along with psycho joe, came. . new sugar deal negotiated with mexico is a very good one for both mexico and the u. s.  had no deal for many years which hurt u. s.  badly. tomorrow the house votes on #kateslaw & no sanctuary for criminals act.  lawmakers must vote to put american safety…  my first day in office, we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on american energy.  remarks…  purposely misstated medicaid under new senate bill - actually goes up.   i hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in congress tomorrow.  watch and read more…  was my great honor to welcome the 2016 world series ch chicago @cubs ⚾️ to the @whitehouse this afternoon. …  on monday, i had the great honor of welcoming india's prime minister @narendramodi to the wh.  full remarks:…  #amazonwashingtonpost, sometimes referred to as the guardian of amazon not paying internet taxes which they should is fake news! rt @foxandfriends: happening today: house to vote on immigration bills including 'kate’s law' and 'no sanctuary for criminals act'  of the fake news media likes to say that i am not totally engaged in healthcare.  wrong, i know the subject well & want victory for u. s. the failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me.  they don't even call to verify the facts of a story.  a fake news joke! i just finished a great meeting with the republican senators concerning healthcare.  they really want to get it right, unlike ocare! with zero democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous obamacare as the dems legacy, the republican senators are working hard! so they caught fake news cnn cold, but what about nbc, cbs & abc?  what about the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost?  they are all fake news! fake news cnn is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony russian stories.  ratings way down! rt @ericbolling: good morning friends!   the sw out today.   president trump has a copy get yours here  #maga…rt @foxandfriends: president trump officially nominates former assistant attorney general christopher wray to head the fbi  @foxandfriends: another dem 'queasy' over claim of loretta lynch meddling in clinton case  @foxandfriends: hannity: russia allegations 'boomeranging back' on democrats  @foxandfriends: mark levin: the collusion is among the democrats  @jefftutorials: @realdonaldtrump   cnn had to retract big story on russia, with 3 employees forced to resign.  what about all the other phony stories they do?  fake news! great day for america's future security and safety, courtesy of the u. s.  supreme court.  i will keep fighting for the american people, & win! from @foxnews bombshell: in 2016, obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an american election.   check out his statement - witch hunt! rt @whitehouse: fact: when #obamacare was signed, cbo estimated that 23m would be covered in 2017.  they were off by 100%.  only 10. 3m people…very grateful for the 9-o decision from the u.  s.  supreme court.  we must keep america safe! rt @whitehouse: today @potus will welcome the prime minister of india, @narendramodi, to the white house.   @whitehouse: #obamacare has led to higher costs and fewer health insurance options for millions of americans.  it has failed the american…republican senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the democrats.  not easy!  perhaps just let ocare crash & burn! . . under a magnifying glass, they have zero tapes of t people colluding.  there is no collusion & no obstruction.  i should be given apology! the real story is that president obama did nothing after being informed in august about russian meddling.  with 4 months looking at russiaand did not want to rock the boat.  he didn't choke, he colluded or obstructed, and it did the dems and crooked hillary no good. the reason that president obama did nothing about russia after being notified by the cia of meddling is that he expected clinton would win. . the democrats have become nothing but obstructionists, they have no policies or ideas.  all they do is delay and complain. they own obamacare! hillary clinton colluded with the democratic party in order to beat crazy bernie sanders.  is she allowed to so collude?  unfair to bernie! make america great again! i cannot imagine that these very fine republican senators would allow the american people to suffer a broken obamacare any longer! obama administration official said they choked when it came to acting on russian meddling of election.  they didn't want to hurt hillary? since the obama administration was told way before the 2016 election that the russians were meddling, why no action?  focus on them, not t! democrats slam gop healthcare proposal as obamacare premiums & deductibles increase by over 100%.  remember keep your doctor, keep your plan? just out: the obama administration knew far in advance of november 8th about election meddling by russia.  did nothing about it.  why? weekly address🇺🇸  it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #vaaccountability act into law, delivering my c promise…  helped pass and signed 38 legislative bills, mostly with no democratic support, and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations.  nice! will be on @foxandfriends.  enjoy! rt @foxandfriends: potus the predictor?  president trump foretold housing upswing in 2012  @foxnation: . @sentedcruz: i want to get to a 'yes' vote:  & i were honored to host our first wh congressional picnic.  a wonderful evening & tradition.  @marineband:…  all thinking of you @stevescalise!  #teamscalise  we are going to make america great again! #americafirst🇺🇸  am very supportive of the senate #healthcarebill.  look forward to making it really special!  remember, obamacare is dead. mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world, after only syria.  drug trade is largely the cause.  we will build the wall! as promised, our c against the ms-13 gang continues.  @icegov busts 39 ms-13 members in new york operation there are tapes or recordings of my conversations with james comey, but i did not make, and do not have, any such recordings. with all of the recently reported electronic surveillance, intercepts, unmasking and illegal leaking of information, i have no ideai certainly hope the democrats do not force nancy p out.  that would be very bad for the republican party - and please let cryin' chuck stay! why did the dnc refuse to turn over its server to the fbi, and still hasn't?  it's all a big dem scam and excuse for losing the election! why did democratic national committee turn down the dhs offer to protect against hacks long prior to election.  it's all a big dem hoax! by the way, if russia was working so hard on the 2016 election, it all took place during the obama admin.  why didn't they stop them? former homeland security advisor jeh johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between trump & russia. great night in iowa - special people.  thank you! thank you kirkwood community college.  heading to the u. s.  cellular center now for an 8pme make america great again…  landed in iowa.  see everyone soon!  #maga🇺🇸democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with republicans on healthcare,tax cuts,security.  obstruction doesn't work! well, the special elections are over and those that want to make america great again are 5 and o!  all the fake news, all the money spent = 0ralph norman ran a fantastic race to win in the great state of south carolina's 5th district.  we are all honored by your success tonight! congratulations to karen handel on her big win in georgia 6th.  fantastic job, we are all very proud of you! thank you @foxnews huge win for president trump and gop in georgia congressional special election. things are looking great for karen h! it was a great honor to welcome president petro poroshenko of ukraine to the @whitehouse today with @vp pence. ➡️…  i greatly appreciate the efforts of president xi & china to help with north korea, it has not worked out.  at least i know china tried! the u. s.  once again condemns the brutality of the north korean regime as we mourn its latest victim.  video:  handel for congress.  she will fight for lower taxes, great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up!  vote todayrt @sheriffclarke: happy father's day to all dads.  my dad.  like father, like son, @realdonaldtrump supporters to the end.  he an airborne ra…democrat jon ossoff, who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security, doesn't even live in district. big day tomorrow in georgia and south carolina.  obamacare is dead.  dems want to raise taxes big!  they can only obstruct, no ideas.  vote rrt @joegooding: what's happening in our country isn't just an assault on our @potus @realdonaldtrump it's an assault on the american people…rt @foxnews: new poll shows @potus approval at 50 percent and i offer our deepest condolences to the family of otto warmbier.  full statement:   was my great honor to welcome president @jc_varela & mrs.  varela from panama this afternoon. 🇺🇸🇵🇦➡️…  he doesn't even live there!  he wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare.  on tuesday, #votekarenhandel. karen handel's opponent in #ga06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent. . getting great border security and healthcare.  #voteralphnorman tomorrow! ralph norman, who is running for congress in sc's 5th district, will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes, and. my heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @usnavy sailors of the #ussfitzgerald and their families.  ➡️…  dems want to stop tax cuts, good healthcare and border security. their obamacare is dead with 100% increases in p's.  vote now for karen hrt @whitehouse: happy father's day!   david is a very special place.  an honor to have spent the weekend there.  military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do! rt @donaldjtrumpjr: not surprising at all!  father of otto warmbier: obama admin told us to keep quiet, trump admin brought him home   @diamondandsilk: the media says:  the president should stop tweeting about russia.   well, why don't the media take their own advice & s…the new rasmussen poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 election, just out with a trump 50% approval rating. that's higher than o's #'s! massive regulation cuts, 36 new legislative bills signed, great new s. c. justice, and infrastructure, healthcare and tax cuts in works! the make america great again agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the witch hunt.  many new jobs, high business enthusiasm,. . thoughts and prayers with the sailors of uss fitzgerald and their families.  thank you to our japanese allies for th…  @seanhannity: #hannity starts in 30 minutes with @newtgingrich and my monologue on the deep state’s allies in the mediaback from miami where my cuban/american friends are very happy with what i signed today.  another c promise that i did not forget! national security presidential memorandum on strengthening the policy of the united states toward cubamemorandum…  by president trump on the policy of the u. s. a.  towards cubavideo: transcript:…  news!  #maga  am being investigated for firing the fbi director by the man who told me to fire the fbi director!  witch huntdespite the phony witch hunt going on in america, the economic & jobs numbers are great.  regulations way down, jobs and enthusiasm way up! the fake news media hates when i use what has turned out to be my very powerful social media - over 100 million people!  i can go around themafter 7 months of investigations & committee hearings about my collusion with the russians,  nobody has been able to show any proof.  sad! #congressionalbaseballgame⚾️  you wisconsin!  tuesday was a great success for #workforceweek at @wctc w/ @ivankatrump & @govwalker.  remarks…  h destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, & had husband meet w/ag days before she was cleared- & they talk about obstruction? why is that hillary clintons family and dems dealings with russia are not looked at, but my non-dealings are? you are witnessing the single greatest witch hunt in american political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!   #magathey made up a phony collusion with the russians story, found zero proof, so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story.  nicejust left hospital.  rep.  steve scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter.  pray for steve! happy birthday to u. s.  army and our soldiers.  thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, & dedication.  proud to be your commander-in-chief! rep.  steve scalise of louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover.  our thoughts and prayers are with him. just got back from wisconsin.  great day, great people! rt @tuckercarlson: . @richardgrenell : @realdonaldtrump told tillerson he had the full support of the u. s.  gov't to bring #ottowarmbier home…the passage of the @deptvetaffairs accountability and whistleblower protection act is great news for veterans!  i lo…  arrived in wisconsin to discuss jobs, jobs, jobs!  #maga🇺🇸  million more people just dropped out of obamacare.  it is in a death spiral.  obstructionist democrats gave up, have no answer = resist! heading to the great state of wisconsin to talk about jobs, jobs, jobs!  big progress being made as the real news is reporting. fake news is at an all time high.  where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories? ? ? a. g.  lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposesgave hillary clinton a free pass and protection.  totally illegal! rt @corrynmb: @realdonaldtrump liberals have an agenda and it's not in america's best interest.  keep fighting the good fight!  we stand with…well, as predicted, the 9th circuit did it again - ruled against the travel ban at such a dangerous time in the history of our country.  s. c. the fake news media has never been so wrong or so dirty.  purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate.  sad! congratulations to the 2016 @clemsonfb tigers! full ceremony: #nationalch  held our first full @cabinet meeting today.  with this great team, we can restore american prosperity and br…  'first new coal mine of trump era opens in pennsylvania'  will never forget the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #pulsenightclub shooting. …  on @foxandfriends now! great numbers on the economy.  all of our work, including the passage of many bills & regulation killing executive orders, now kicking in! rt @foxandfriends: . @geraldorivera: chances of impeachment went from 3% to 0% with comey's testimony  @foxandfriends: yesterday's hearings provided zero evidence of collusion between our c and the russians because there wasn't any…my daughter, ivanka, will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning.  enjoy! the democrats have no message,  not on economics, not on taxes,  not on jobs, not on failing #obamacare.  they are only obstructionists! i believe the james comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible.  totally illegal?  very 'cowardly! 'way up.  regulations way down.  600,000+ new jobs added.  unemployment down to 4. 3%.  business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels! the #fakenews msm doesn't report the great economic news since election day.  #dow up 16%.  #nasdaq up 19. 5%.  drilling & energy sectoramerica is going to build again.  under budget and ahead of schedule.  time to put #americafirst!  #infrastructureweek…  to start building in our country, with american workers & with american iron, aluminum & steel.  it is time to…  is time to rebuild our country, to bring back our jobs, to restore our dreams, & yes, to put #americafirst!  ty o…  great honor to host and welcome leaders from around america to the @whitehouse infrastructure summit. …  honor to join the @faithandfreedom coalition yesterday.  in america, we don't worship government.  we worship god. …  to jeb hensarling & republicans on successful house vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 dodd-frank financial law.  growth! rt @alandersh: we should stop talking about obstruction of justice.  no plausible case.  we must distinguish crimes from pol sins  reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others.  thank you! despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindicationand wow, comey is a leaker! getting ready to leave for cincinnati, in the great state of ohio, to meet with obamacare victims and talk healthcare & also infrastructure! i will be nominating christopher a.  wray, a man of impeccable credentials, to be the new director of the fbi.  details to follow. senate passed the va accountability act.  the house should get this bill to my desk asap!  we can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets. #icymi: announcement of air traffic control initiative watch➡️ meeting with @housegop and @senategop leaders, including @speakerryan, @senatemajldr, @gopleader, @johncornyn…  we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of normandy 73 years ago.  #dday…  and all reference was pointing to qatar.  perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism! so good to see the saudi arabia visit with the king and 50 countries already paying off.  they said they would take a hard line on fundingsorry folks, but if i would have relied on the fake news of cnn, nbc, abc, cbs, washpost or nytimes, i would have had zero chance winning whduring my recent trip to the middle east i stated that there can no longer be funding of radical ideology.  leaders pointed to qatar - look! the fake msm is working so hard trying to get me not to use social media.  they hate that i can get the honest and unfiltered message out. big meeting today with republican leadership concerning tax cuts and healthcare.  we are all pushing hard - must get it right! rt @foxandfriends: fox news alert: isis claims responsibility for hostage siege in melbourne, australia that killed 1 person and injured 3…rt @foxandfriends: sen.  ted cruz: trump's air traffic control plan is a 'win-win' for democrats and republicans  right, we need a travel ban for certain dangerous countries, not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people! today, i announced an air traffic control initiative to take american air travel into the future - finally! ➡️…  decision is one of the biggest wins for our veterans in decades.  our heroes deserve the best!  ➡️…  excuse by london mayor sadiq khan who had to think fast on his no reason to be alarmed statement.  msm is working hard to sell it! . @foxandfriends  dems are taking forever to approve my people, including ambassadors.  they are nothing but obstructionists!  want approvals. in any event we are extreme vetting people coming into the u. s.  in order to help keep our country safe.  the courts are slow and political! the justice dept.  should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down travel ban before the supreme court - & seek much tougher version! the justice dept.  should have stayed with the original travel ban, not the watered down, politically correct version they submitted to s. c. people, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but i am calling it what we need and what it is, a travel ban! do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now?  that's because they used knives and a truck! at least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and mayor of london says there is no reason to be alarmed! we must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people.  if we don't get smart it will only get worsewhatever the united states can do to help out in london and the u.  k. , we will be there - we are with you.  god bless! we need to be smart, vigilant and tough.  we need the courts to give us back our rights.  we need the travel ban as an extra level of safety! rt @drudge_report: fears of new terror attack after van 'mows down 20 people' on london bridge#weeklyaddress🇺🇸  @erictrump: #makeamericagreatagain! ! !  🇺🇸🇺🇸  @heytammybruce: coming up at 720a et on @foxandfriends!  see you there!  🇺🇸 #magart @lindseygrahamsc: i support president trump’s desire to re-enter the paris accord after the agreement becomes a better deal for america…rt @reince45: promise kept.  @potus exits flawed #parisaccord to seek better deal for u. s.  workers & economy.  this wh will always put #ameri…rt @gopleader: . @potus made the right call in leaving a deal that would have put an unnecessary burden on the united states.   @jim_jordan: president trump did the right thing by withdrawing us from paris treaty - it would hurt american companies and american wor…rt @vp: our president is choosing to put american jobs, american consumers, american energy, and american industry first.   @foxandfriends: wall street hits record highs after trump pulls out of climate pact  america great again! my job as president is to do everything within my power to give america a level playing field.  #americafirst🇺🇸➡️…  me live at the @whitehouse. ➡️  big story is the unmasking and surveillance of people that took place during the obama administration. i will be announcing my decision on paris accord, thursday at 3:00 p. m.   the white house rose garden.   make america great again! crooked hillary clinton now blames everybody but herself, refuses to say she was a terrible candidate.  hits facebook & even dems & dnc. it was an honor to welcome the prime minister of vietnam, nguyễn xuân phúc to the @whitehouse this afternoon.   traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances, and to form new partnerships.  see more at:…  will be announcing my decision on the paris accord over the next few days.  make america great again! hopefully republican senators, good people all, can quickly get together and pass a new repeal & replace healthcare bill.  add saved $'s. kathy griffin should be ashamed of herself.  my children, especially my 11 year old son, barron, are having a hard time with this.  sick! case against him & now wants to clear his name by showing the false or misleading testimony by james comey, john brennan witch hunt! so now it is reported that the democrats, who have excoriated carter page about russia, don't want him to testify.  he blows away their. who can figure out the true meaning of covfefe ? ? ?   enjoy! rt @foxandfriends: jared kushner didn't suggest russian communications channel in meeting, source says  @scavino45: president trump pays respects and  delivers #memorialday remarks at arlington national cemetery.   u. s.  senate should switch to 51 votes, immediately, and get healthcare and tax cuts approved, fast and easy.  dems would do it, no doubt! russian officials must be laughing at the u. s.  & how a lame excuse for why the dems lost the election has taken over the fake news. we have a massive trade deficit with germany, plus they pay far less than they should on nato & military.  very bad for u. s.  this will changei look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this memorial day at arlington national cemetery later this morning. today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving.  thank you, god bless your families & god bless the usa! north korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor, china, by shooting off yet another ballistic missilebut china is trying hard! honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to america.  home of the free, because of the brave.  #memorialday🇺🇸the fake news media works hard at disparaging & demeaning my use of social media because they don't want america to hear the real story! the massive tax cuts/reform that i have submitted is moving along in the process very well, actually ahead of schedule.  big benefits to all! i suggest that we add more dollars to healthcare and make it the best anywhere.  obamacare is dead - the republicans will do much better! british prime minister may was very angry that the info the u. k.  gave to u. s.  about manchester was leaked.  gave me full details! does anyone notice how the montana congressional race was such a big deal to dems & fake news until the republican won?  v was poorly covered. it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers.  #fakenews is the enemy! whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media, and they don't mention names. it is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the white house are fabricated lies made up by the #fakenews media. just returned from europe.  trip was a great success for america.  hard work but big results! big win in montana for republicans! bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the u. s. a.  from the middle east - which will mean jobs, jobs, jobs! i look forward to reading the @commercegov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in june.  will take major action if necessary. . we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices. to foster a truly level playing field. just left the #g7summit.  had great meetings on everything, especially on trade where. i will make my final decision on the paris accord next week! many nato countries have agreed to step up payments considerably, as they should.  money is beginning to pour in- nato will be much stronger. big g7 meetings today.  lots of very important matters under discussion.  first on the list, of course, is terrorism.  #g7taorminaon behalf of @flotus melania and myself, thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening, president sergio mattarella. …  are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront & defeat this evil➡️ ready to engage g7 leaders on many issues including economic growth, terrorism, and security. just arrived in italy for the g7.  trip has been very successful.  we made and saved the usa many billions of dollars and millions of jobs. just arrived in taormina with @flotus melania.  #g7summit #usa🇺🇸  you for your support.  together, we will make america safe and great again! #potusabroad #usa🇺🇸  ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve. #natomeeting #nato  @flotus: thank u to queen fabiola university hospital!  enjoyed creating paper flowers with amazing patients & getting a tour.  #brussels…thank you for the warm welcome to brussels, belgium this afternoon!   of a lifetime to meet his holiness pope francis.  i leave the vatican more determined than ever to pursue peac…  civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace. israel, saudi arabia and the middle east were great.  trying hard for peace.  doing well.  heading to vatican & pope, then #g7 and #nato. thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit, prime minister @netanyahu and @presidentruvi. we stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the united kingdom.   minister @netanyahu and @presidentruvi- on behalf of @flotus melania and myself, thank you for the invitation…  @netanyahu: ever strongerחזקים תמיד🇮🇱🇺🇸  #potusabroad🇺🇸  transcript at arab islamic american summit ➡️replay ➡️#riyadhsummit #potusabroadrt @flotus: i had a wonderful time with the students at the american international school #riyadh today.  #saudiaarabia  you to the brave servicemen & women who have served, and continue to serve the united states- our true heroes…  to be in riyadh, saudi arabia.  looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead.  #potusabroad ➡️  ready for my big foreign trip.  will be strongly protecting american interests - that's what i like to do! president donald j.  trump proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as #policeweekproclamation➡️…  great honor to welcome president juan manuel santos of colombia to the white house today! 🇺🇸🇨🇴joint press conf➡️…  all of the illegal acts that took place in the clinton c & obama administration, there was never a special counsel appointed! this is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in american history! it was my great honor to deliver the #cgacommencement17 at the @uscgacademy.  congratulations to the class of 2017! …  was a great honor to welcome the president of turkey, recep tayyip erdoğan, to the @whitehouse today!   industrial production surged in april'  have been asking director comey & others, from the beginning of my administration, to find the leakers in the intelligence community. . to terrorism and airline flight safety.  humanitarian reasons, plus i want russia to greatly step up their fight against isis & terrorism. as president i wanted to share with russia at an openly scheduled w. h.  meeting which i have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining. only the fake news media and trump enemies want me to stop using social media 110 million people.  only way for me to get the truth out! corporations have never made as much money as they are making now.  thank you stuart varney @foxandfriends jobs are starting to roar,watch! stock market could hit all-time high again 22,000 today.  was 18,000 only 6 months ago on election day.  mainstream media seldom mentions! a great day at the white house! rt @foxandfriends: . @suffolk_sheriff praises president trump for making gang eradication a priority  stock market ever, best economic numbers in years, unemployment lowest in 17 years, wages raising, border secure, s. c. : no wh chaos! if obamacare is hurting people, & it is, why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies & why should congress not be paying what public pays? don't give up republican senators, the world is watching: repeal & replaceand go to 51 votes nuke option, get cross state lines & more. they do nothing for us with north korea, just talk.  we will no longer allow this to continue.  china could easily solve this problem! i am very disappointed in china.  our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade, yeti love reading about all of the geniuses who were so instrumental in my election success.  problem is, most don't exist.  #fake news!  magaunless the republican senators are total quitters, repeal & replace is not dead!  demand another vote before voting on any other bill! u. s.  stock market up almost 20% since election! if a new healthcare bill is not approved quickly, bailouts for insurance companies and bailouts for members of congress will end very soon! after seven years of talking repeal & replace, the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding obamacare! if the senate democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute.  they are laughing at r's.  make change! . 8 dems totally control the u. s.  senate.  many great republican bills will never pass, like kate's law and complete healthcare.  get smart! republicans in the senate will never win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority now.  they look like fools and are just wasting timethe very outdated filibuster rule must go.  budget reconciliation is killing r's in senate.  mitch m, go to 51 votes now and win.  it's time! republican senate must get rid of 60 vote now!  it is killing the r party, allows 8 dems to control country.  200 bills sit in senate.  a joke! in other words, russia was against trump in the 2016 election - and why not, i want strong military & low oil price…  will defend our country, protect our communities and put the safety of the american people first!  replay:…  would like to thank reince priebus for his service and dedication to his country.  we accomplished a lot together and i am proud of him! and a great leader.  john has also done a spectacular job at homeland security.  he has been a true star of my administrationi am pleased to inform you that i have just named general/secretary john f kelly as white house chief of staff.  he is a great american. departing for long island now.  an area under siege from #ms13 gang members.  we will not rest until #ms13 is eradica…  will always enforce our laws, protect our borders, and support our police!  #lesmharrisburg, pennsylvania…  though parts of healthcare could pass at 51, some really good things need 60.  so many great future bills & budgets need 60 votes. if republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the senate, they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority, not senseless 603 republicans and 48 democrats let the american people down.  as i said from the beginning, let obamacare implode, then deal.  watch! go republican senators, go!  get there after waiting for 7 years.  give america great healthcare! it was my great honor to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - the medal of valor to fiv…  we gathered in the east room to pay tribute to the heroes whose courageous actions under fire saved so many…  me live as we recognize the first responders to the june 14th shooting involving @stevescalise.  #teamscalise…  progress being made in ridding our country of ms-13 gang members and gang members in general.  make america safe again! about then candidate trump.  catherine herridge @foxnews.  so why doesn't fake news report this?  witch hunt!  purposely phony reporting. one of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the russians collected and spread negative information. . rt @townhallcom: abc, nbc, and cbs pretty much bury it scandal engulfing debbie wasserman schultz's office  on republican senators, you can do it on healthcare.  after 7 years, this is your chance to shine!  don't let the american people down! wow, the failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends . the most powerful t. v.  show in america. thank you foxconn, for investing $10 billion dollars with the potential for up to 13k new jobs in wisconsin!  madein…  to boys and girls nation.  it was my great honor to welcome you to the wh today!  full remarks:…  america we don't worship government - we worship god! 🎥 dollars $700,000 for his wife's political run from hillary clinton and her representatives.  drain the sw didn't a. g.  sessions replace acting fbi director andrew mccabe, a comey friend who was in charge of clinton investigation but got. . victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail.  thank you. transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the u. s.  military.  our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming. . after consultation with my generals and military experts, please be advised that the united states government will not accept or allowsenator @lisamurkowski of the great state of alaska really let the republicans, and our country, down yesterday.  too bad! the crowd in ohio was amazing last night - broke all records.  we all had a great time in a great state.  will be back soon! people of ohio are fantastic.  thank you so much.  what an evening!   was my great honor to join our wonderful veterans at amvets post 44 in youngstown, ohio this evening.  a grateful…  arrived in youngstown, ohio with @flotus melania! #makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸🎥  you for coming to d. c.  for such a vital vote.  congrats to all rep.  we can now deliver grt healthcare to all americans! joint press conference with prime minister saad hariri of lebanon beginning shortly.  join us live! ➡️…  labor market continues to boom jobs, jobs, jobs!   american people have waited long enough.  there has been enough talk and no action for seven years.  now is the t…  be traveling to the great state of ohio tonight.  big crowd expected.  see you there! this will be a very interesting day for healthcare. the dems are obstructionists but the republicans can have a great victory for the people! working on major trade deal with the united kingdom.  could be very big & exciting.  jobs!  the e. u.  is very protectionist with the u. s.  stop! jared kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the russians.  witch hunt.  next up, 11 year old barron trump! so great that john mccain is coming back to vote.  brave - american hero!  thank you john. obamacare is torturing the american people. the democrats have fooled the people long enough.  repeal or repeal & replace!  i have pen in hand. big day for healthcare.  after 7 years of talking, we will soon see whether or not republicans are willing to step up to the plate! problem is that the acting head of the fbi & the person in charge of the hillary investigation, andrew mccabe, got $700,000 from h for wife! attorney general jeff sessions has taken a very weak position on hillary clinton crimes where are e-mails & dnc server & intel leakers! ukrainian efforts to sabotage trump c - quietly working to boost clinton.  so where is the investigation a. g.  @seanhannityis fake news washington post being used as a lobbyist weapon against congress to keep politicians from looking into amazon no-tax monopoly? so many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are fake news.  they are as bad as ratings challenged @cnn.  lobbyist for amazon and taxes? the amazon washington post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to syrian rebels fighting assad. . #2017jambo- remember your duty.  honor your history.  take care of the people god puts into your life – and love & ch…  senator who votes against starting debate is telling america that you are fine w/ the #ocarenightmare!  remarks…  at joint base andrews with @secretaryperry, @secretaryzinke, and @secpricemd. .   have a last chance to do the right thing on repeal & replace after years of talking & c on it. sleazy adam schiff, the totally biased congressman looking into russia, spends all of his time on television pushing the dem loss excuse! so why aren't the committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered a. g. , looking into crooked hillarys crimes & russia relations? after 1 year of investigation with zero evidence being found, chuck schumer just stated that democrats should blame ourselves,not russia. drain the swamp should be changed to drain the sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the fake news! thank you to @loudobbs for giving the first six months of the trump administration an a+.  s. c. ,reg cutting,stock m, jobs,border etc.  = true! if republicans don't repeal and replace the disastrous obamacare, the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand! it's hard to read the failing new york times or the amazon washington post because every story/opinion, even if should be positive, is bad! it's very sad that republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their president. as the phony russian witch hunt continues, two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold, democrats and russians! to every patriot who will serve on the #ussgeraldrford:☑️keep the watch🇺🇸☑️protect her🇺🇸☑️defend her🇺🇸☑️love he…  steel & american hands have constructed a 100,000 ton message to the world: american might is second to no…  ship is only as good as the people who serve on it — and the american sailor is the best in the world.  @usnavy…  me live for the commissioning ceremony of the uss gerald r.  ford! ➡️ #usa  is dead and the democrats are obstructionists, no ideas or votes, only obstruction.  it is solely up to the 52 republican senators! the republican senators must step up to the plate and, after 7 years, vote to repeal and replace.  next, tax reform and infrastructure.  win! in all fairness to anthony scaramucci, he wanted to endorse me 1st, before the republican primaries started, but didn't think i was running! my son donald openly gave his e-mails to the media & authorities whereas crooked hillary clinton deleted & acid washed her 33,000 e-mails! what about all of the clinton ties to russia, including podesta company, uranium deal, russian reset, big dollar speeches etc. so many people are asking why isn't the a. g.  or special council looking at the many hillary clinton or comey crimes.  33,000 e-mails deleted? while all agree the u.  s.  president has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is leaks against us. fake newsthis morning i will be going to the commissioning ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world, the gerald r.  ford.   norfolk, va. the failing new york times foiled u. s.  attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist,al-baghdadi. their sick agenda over national securitya new intelligence leak from the amazon washington post,this time against a. g.  jeff sessions. these illegal leaks, like comey's, must stop! sean spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the fake news media - but his future is bright! today, it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #ussarizona to the @whitehouse.  #honorthem🇺🇸remarks:…  record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @shopfloornam:…  this week we hosted a #madeinamerica event, right here at the @whitehouse!  if it is made in america, it is t…  months in - it is the hope of growth📈that is making america🇺🇸four trillion dollars💰richer.  -stuart @varneyco… 📸  of dollars in investments & thousands of new jobs in america!  an initiative via corning, merck & pfizer:…  am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves, believe in your future, and believe, once more, in america. …  the pentagon after meetings with @vp pence, secretary james mattis, and our great teams.  #maga🇺🇸  and i send our thoughts and prayers to senator mccain, cindy, and their entire family.  get well soon.   republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is, & it will get even better at lunchtime. the dems scream death as ocare dies! i will be having lunch at the white house today with republican senators concerning healthcare.  they must keep their promise to america! rt @foxnews: u. s.  markets since election.   fake news is becoming more and more dishonest!  even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in germany is made to look sinister! fake news story of secret dinner with putin is sick.  all g 20 leaders, and spouses, were invited by the chancellor of germany.  press knew! the senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes.  even parts of full repeal need 60.  8 dems control senate.  crazy! with only a very small majority, the republicans in the house & senate need more victories next year since dems totally obstruct, no votes! as i have always said, let obamacare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan.  stay tuned! we were let down by all of the democrats and a few republicans.  most republicans were loyal, terrific & worked really hard.  we will return! republicans should just repeal failing obamacare now & work on a new healthcare plan that will start from a clean slate.  dems will join in! most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent.  that's politics! heading back to washington, d. c.  much will be accomplished this week on trade, the military and security! congratulations to sung hyun park on winning the 2017 @usga #uswomensopen🇺🇸i am at the @usga  #uswomensopen.  an amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting! the #ussjohnfinn will provide essential capabilities to keep america safe.  our sailors are the best anywhere in the…  abc/washington post poll, even though almost 40% is not bad at this time, was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time! with all of its phony unnamed sources & highly slanted & even fraudulent reporting, #fake news is distorting democracy in our country! thank you to former c adviser michael caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no russian collusion in our winning c you to all of the supporters, who far out-numbered the protesters, yesterday at the women's u. s.  open.  very cool! hillaryclinton can illegally get the questions to the debate & delete 33,000 emails but my son don is being scorned by the fake news media? the women played great today at the @usga #uswomensopen🇺🇸 i look forward to being there tomorrow for the final roun…  got to the #uswomensopen in bedminster, new jersey.  people are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election! make america great again!   week the senate is going to vote on legislation to save americans from the obamacare disaster.  #weeklyaddress🇺🇸  be at the women's u. s.  open today! stock market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the russian hoax story!  also, jobs numbers are starting to look very good! stock market at new all-time high!  working on new trade deals that will be great for u. s.  and its workers! i will be at the @usga #uswomensopen in bedminster, nj tomorrow.  big crowds expected & the women are playing great-should be very exciting! honored to serve as commander-in-chief to the courageous men and women of our u. s.  armed forces.  a grateful nation…  @emmanuelmacron,thank you for inviting melania and myself to such a historic celebration in france. …  landed from paris, france.  it was an incredible visit with president @emmanuelmacron.  a lot discussed and accomplished in two days! left paris for u. s. a.  will be heading to new jersey and attending the#uswomensopen, their most important tournament, this afternoon. great conversations with president @emmanuelmacron and his representatives on trade, military and security. the united states mourns for the victims of nice, france.  we pledge our solidarity with france against terror.  🇺🇸🇫🇷  was a great honor to represent the united states at the magnificent #bastilleday parade.  congratulations preside…  mike pence is working hard on healthcare and getting our wonderful republican senators to do what is right for the people. after all of these years of suffering thru obamacare, republican senators must come through as they have promised! so impt rep senators, under leadership of @senatemajldr mcconnell get healthcare plan approved.  after 7yrs of o'care disaster, must happen! republicans senators are working hard to get their failed obamacare replacement approved.  i will be at my desk, pen in hand! great evening with president @emmanuelmacron & mrs.  macron.  went to eiffel tower for dinner.  relationship with fran…  bilateral meetings at élysée palace w/ president @emmanuelmacron.  the friendship between our two nations and…  @emmanuelmacron,thank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at les invalides today!   and i were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @usembassyfrance, members of the u. s.  milita…  landed in paris, france with @flotus melania.   win today for building the wall.  it will secure the border & save lives.  now the full house & senate must act! …  jobs, jobs!  #maga🇺🇸  market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive.  jobs outlook looking very good!  #maga🇺🇸  rdy to leave for france @ the invitation of president macron to celebrate & honor bastille day and 100yrs since u. s.  entry into wwi. after 14 years, u. s.  beef hits chinese market.  trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture.   w. h.  is functioning perfectly, focused on healthcare, tax cuts/reform & many other things.  i have very little time for watching t. v. why aren't the same standards placed on the democrats.  look what hillary clinton may have gotten away with.  disgraceful! . @washtimes states democrats have willfully used moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against donald trump. isis is on the run & will soon be wiped out of syria & iraq, illegal border crossings are way down 75% & ms 13 gangs are being removed. rt @foxandfriends: getting the job done!  sen.  mitch mcconnell delays august recess to work on health care bill  when you hear the words sources say from the fake media, often times those sources are made up and do not exist. my son donald did a good job last night.  he was open, transparent and innocent.  this is the greatest witch hunt in political history.  sad! rt @foxnews: . @jessebwatters on @donaldjtrumpjr meeting with russian attorney: i believe don jr.  is the victim here.  #thefive  son, donald, will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 p. m.  he is a great person who loves our country! rt @foxandfriends: fox news alert: u. s.  flexes its defense muscles, destroys incoming test missile off coast of alaska  wins against isis! marine plane crash in mississippi is heartbreaking.  melania and i send our deepest condolences to all! working hard to get the olympics for the united states l. a. .  stay tuned! the senate democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 presidential nominees.  they  can't win so all they do is slow things down & obstruct! rt @foxandfriends: sen.  cruz: it's crazy to go an august recess without having obamacare repealed.  we should work every day until it is don…rt @foxandfriends: white house calls out senate democrats for obstructing nominees  great veterans can now connect w/ their va healthcare team from anywhere, using #vavideoconnect - available at:…  i  announced another historic breakthrough for the va.  we are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our…  you tonight huntington, west virginia! #makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸tickets:   relationship with russia is at an all-time & very dangerous  low.  you can thank congress, the same people that can't even give us hcare! i am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations.  much work left to do but effect will be great!  business & jobs will grow. business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels.  stock market at an all-time high.  that doesn't just happen! rt @jacobawohl: @realdonaldtrump the #maga great again movement is winning, and the left-wing media can't stand it! rt @foxandfriends: insurers seeking huge premium hikes on obamacare plans  love the white house, one of the most beautiful buildings homes i have ever seen.  but fake news said i called it a dump - totally untruei c on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects u. s.  workers & taxpayers.  watch:…  the rust belt just gave donald trump a hero's welcome was my great honor to pay tribute to a vet who went above & beyond the call of duty to protect our comrades, our…  business owners are the dreamers & innovators who are powering us into the future! read more and watch here:…  proud of our great military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the fi…  perfectly executed strike last night.  thank you to france and the united kingdom for their wisdom and the power o…  just issued the mccabe report - which is a total disaster.  he lied!  lied!  lied!  mccabe was totally controlled b…  are bringing back our factories, we are bringing back our jobs, and we are bringing back those four beautiful wo…  slime ball who was, as time has proven, a terrible director of the fbi.  his handling of the crooked…  comey is a proven leaker & liar.  virtually everyone in washington thought he should be fired for the terrible…  pressure is building, like never before, for the border wall and an end to crime cradling sanctuary citi…  only join tpp if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to pres.  obama.  we already have bil…  greatest treasure is our people – and my administration hears your voice and has your back.  we are fighti…  you to all of the american workers who travelled here today!  this event is dedicated to you: the hardworking…  have agreed with the historically cooperative, disciplined approach that we have engaged in with robert mueller …  yom hashoah we remember the six million jews slaughtered in the holocaust.  with each passing year, our duty to r…  luck to mike pompeo during his confirmation hearing today.  he will be a great secretary of state! never said when an attack on syria would take place.  could be very soon or not so soon at all!  in any event, the un…  governor jerry brown is doing the right thing and sending the national guard to the border.  thank you je…  i wanted to fire robert mueller in december, as reported by the failing new york times, i would have fired him. …  show tonight on @seanhannity!  9:00 p. m.  on @foxnewshonored to have republican congressional leadership join me at the @whitehouse this evening.  lots to discuss as we…  just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform”  @statedept: . @potus trump at signing of #fosta #sesta bill: we are going to do everything in our power to make sure traffickers are brou…the @whitehouse is partnering with @interior and @natlparkservice to bring the @nscsafety's “prescribed to death” o…  paul ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achi…  of the bad blood with russia is caused by the fake & corrupt russia investigation, headed up by the all democr…  relationship with russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the cold war.  there is no reason…  vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at syria.  get ready russia,  because they will be coming, nice…  things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt russia investigation, which tak…  much fake news about what is going on in the white house.  very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and…  failing new york times wrote another phony story.  it was political pundit doug schoen, not a ukrainian business…  it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 ncaa football national ch alabama crimson tide - to the whi…  thankful for president xi of china’s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriersalso, his enlightenment o…  night, it was my great honor to host america’s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the white hou…  total witch hunt! ! ! attorney–client privilege is dead! great @cabinet meeting at the @whitehouse this morning!    democrats are not doing what’s right for our country.  i will not rest until we have secured our borders and res…  @statedept: . @potus trump condemns the heinous attack on innocent syrians with banned chemical weapons.  #syria  a car is sent to the united states from china, there is a tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%.  when a car is sent to c…  to patrick reed on his great and courageous masters win!  when patrick had his amazing win at doral…  president obama had crossed his stated red line in the sand, the syrian disaster would have ended long ago!  anim…  pay.  open area immediately for medical help and verification.  another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever.  sick! many dead, including women and children, in mindless chemical attack in syria.  area of atrocity is in lockdown and…  xi and i will always be friends, no matter what happens with our dispute on trade.  china will take down i…  washington post is far more fiction than fact.  story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly writte…  fbi closed the case on hillary, which was a rigged investigation.  they exonerated her even before they ever in…  security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor, scott pruitt has received death threats because of…  at trump tower is out.  very confined well built building.  firemen and women did a great job.  thank you! what does the department of justice and fbi have to hide?  why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents …  of the house judiciary committee are angrily accusing the department of justice of missing the thursday d…  are sealing up our southern border.  the people of our great country want safety and security.  the dems have been…  united states hasn’t had a trade surplus with china in 40 years.  they must end unfair trade, take down barriers…  spoke to @justintrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible humboldt tea…  to @bernieandsid on their new @77wabcradio morning radio show in new york city.  it was an honor to…  founder: trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force”  is open for business!   you believe that the fake news media is pushing hard on a story that i am going to replace a. g.  jeff sessions wi…  which is a great economic power, is considered a developing nation within the world trade organization.  they…  @realdonaldtrump: we are not in a trade war with china, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who repr…despite the aluminum tariffs, aluminum prices are down 4%.  people are surprised, i’m not!  lots of money coming into…  you @wvgovernor jim justice.  it was my great honor to be with the amazing people of west virginia today!  #maga  to our historic tax cuts, america is open for business, and millions of american workers are seeing more tak…  fake news washington post, amazon’s “chief lobbyist,” has another of many phony headlines, “trump defiant as…  caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of mexico and their willingness to use them…  rising: rasmussen poll shows donald trump approval ratings now at 51 percent”  we honor dr.  martin luther king, jr.  on the 50th anniversary of his assassination.  earlier this year i spoke…  thoughts and prayers are with the four u. s.  marines from the 3rd marine aircraft wing who lost their lives in y…  you’re already $500 billion down, you can’t lose! we are not in a trade war with china, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who r…  border laws are very weak while those of mexico & canada are very strong.  congress must change these obama era,…  just briefed on the shooting at youtube’s hq in san bruno, california.  our thoughts and prayers are with everyb…  will protect our southern border!   it was my honor to welcome estonia president @kerstikaljulaid, lithuania president @grybauskaite_lt, and lat…  am right about amazon costing the united states post office massive amounts of money for being their delivery boy…  you to rasmussen for the honest polling.  just hit 50%, which is higher than cheatin’ obama at the same time in his administration. check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged @cnn unless you state that you are totally anti-t…  big caravan of people from honduras, now coming across mexico and heading to our “weak laws” border, had better…  fake news networks, those that knowingly have a sick and biased agenda, are worried about the competition and q…  #lightitupblue  trump's approval rate among likely u. s.  voters hit 50 percent on monday, which puts him higher than form…  of my nominations, including diplomats to foreign lands, have not been confirmed due to democrat obstruction an…  mexico and many other countries that the u. s.  is very generous to, sends many of their people to our coun…  ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our southern bord…  donald j.  trump proclaims april 2, 2018, world autism awareness day”  honor to host the annual @whitehouse easter egg roll!   sad that the department of “justice” and the fbi are slow walking, or even not giving, the unredacted documents…  fools, or worse, are saying that our money losing post office makes money with amazon.  they lose a fortune, an…  funny to watch fake news networks, among the most dishonest groups of people i have ever dealt with, criticize s…  is making a fortune on naftathey have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic.  with all of the money…  is dead because the democrats didn’t care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the daca bandwagon no…  must immediately pass border legislation, use nuclear option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow o…  has the absolute power not to let these large “caravans” of people enter their country.  they must stop them…  big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of daca.  they want in on the act! mexico is doing very little, if not nothing, at stopping people from flowing into mexico through their southern bor…  patrol agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the border because of ridiculous liberal democrat…  easter! governor jerry “moonbeam” brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include 1 kidnapping and robbery…  not include the fake washington post, which is used as a “lobbyist” and should so  register.  if the p. o.  “i…  we are on the subject, it is reported that the u. s.  post office will lose $1. 50 on average for each package i…  spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing our own infrastructure to fall into a state…  jobs, jobs!  unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low.  together, we are making the economy great again!   are going to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure, and there is no better place to begin this c than in t…  have stated my concerns with amazon long before the election.  unlike others, they pay little or no taxes to state…  the interim, hon.  robert wilkie of dod will serve as acting secretary.  i am thankful for dr.  david shulkin’s…  am pleased to announce that i intend to nominate highly respected admiral ronny l.  jackson, md, as the new secret…  briefing this afternoon on the start of our southern border wall!   known dangerous criminals into communities across the state.  all citizens have the right to be protecte…  administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in orange county defending their rights against cali…  just announced an agreement in principle with south korea on korus!  a great deal for american and kore…  message last night from xi jinping of china that his meeting with kim jong un went very well and that kim…  years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the korean peninsu…  second amendment will never be repealed!  as much as democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the wo…  am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the president's park in april.  i encourage all to visit and rem…  @realdonaldtrump: because of the $700 & $716 billion dollars gotten to rebuild our military, many jobs are created and our military is a…trade talks going on with numerous countries that, for many years, have not treated the united states fairly.  in the end, all will be happy! great news!  #maga  much fake news.  never been more voluminous or more inaccurate.  but through it all, our country is doing great! the economy is looking really good.  it has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers.  the underlying…  just wrote a book which everyone is talking about.  he was a great help.  he is a veteran journalist…  donald j.  trump proclaims march 25, 2018, as greek independence day: a national day of celebration of gr…  national #medalofhonorday to our heroes.  we love you!   or law firm will take months to get up to speed if for no other reason than they can bill more, which…  lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the russia casedon’t believe the fake news narrative that…  can be done with the $1. 6 billion given to building and fixing the border wall.  it is just a down payment.  wor…  of the $700 & $716 billion dollars gotten to rebuild our military, many jobs are created and our military i…  honors a great hero.  officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in isis related terror attack. …  thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in france yesterday, and we grieve the nation’…  a matter of national security i've signed the omnibus spending bill.  i say to congress: i will never sign anothe…  administration legalized bump stocks.  bad idea.  as i promised, today the department of justice will issue the…  conference at the white house concerning the omnibus spending bill.   1:00 p. m. i am considering a veto of the omnibus spending bill based on the fact that the 800,000 plus daca recipients have b…  was abandoned by the democrats.  very unfair to them!  would have been tied to desperately needed wall. house intelligence committee votes to release final report.  findings: 1 no evidence provided of collusion between…  am pleased to announce that, effective 4/9/18, @ambjohnbolton will be my new national security advisor.  i am very…  honor charlie - thank you!  #maga  a candidate, i pledged that if elected i would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade, protect american wo…  @flotus: greetings from @whitehouse  when they were saying, during the c that donald trump is giving great speeches and drawing big cro…  joe biden is trying to act like a tough guy.  actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he t…  refused to take care of daca.  would have been so easy, but they just didn’t care.  i had to fight for military and start of wall. got $1. 6 billion to start wall on southern border, rest will be forthcoming.  most importantly, got $700 billion to…  can help solve problems with north korea, syria, ukraine, isis, iran and even the coming arms race.  bush…  called president putin of russia to congratulate him on his election victory in past, obama called him also.  th…  council is told to find crimes, whether a crime exists or not.  i was opposed to the selection of mueller t…  was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime, collusion or otherwise, or obstruction of ju…  of justice should have urged the supreme court to at least hear the drivers license case on illegal immi…  bombing suspect is dead.  great job by law enforcement and all concerned! our nation was founded by farmers.  our independence was won by farmers.  and our continent was tamed by farmers.  our…  democrats do not want to help daca.  would be so easy to make a deal! rt @whitehouse: the opioid crisis has created stories of despair of shock, but also stories of recovery & hope.  president trump is asking e…a total witch hunt with massive conflicts of interest! . @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now!  great!  8:18 a. m. why does the mueller team have 13 hardened democrats, some big crooked hillary supporters, and zero republicans?  an…  very little time with andrew mccabe, but he never took notes when he was with me.  i don’t believe he made mem…  watch comey lie under oath to senator g when asked “have you ever been an anonymous sourceor known someone…  mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime.  it was base…  fake news is beside themselves that mccabe was caught, called out and fired.  how many hundreds of thousands of…  the house intelligence committee has concluded, there was no collusion between russia and the trump c as…  #stpatricksday  mccabe fired, a great day for the hard working men and women of the fbi - a great day for democracy.  sanctim…  consumer confidence hits 14-year high”  would be great for the republican party of nevada, and it’s unity if good guy danny tarkanian would run for cong…  thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on…  donald j.  trump delivers remarks at the shamrock☘️bowl presentation by prime minister varadkar in the ea…  to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at fiu - so tragic.  many brave first responders rushed in t…  was my honor to welcome prime minister leo varadkar of ireland to the @whitehouse!   @whitehouse: yesterday, five @cabinet secretaries testified on the hill on the need to rebuild our nation's crumbling infrastructure.  pr…we do have a trade deficit with canada, as we do with almost all countries some of them massive.  p. m.  justin trud…  kudlow will be my chief economic advisor as director of the national economic council.  our country will have…  join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators, their families and our incredible @usnavy.   was wonderful to be back in missouri where our push for historic tax cuts all began.  six months ago i promised t…  we are making america great again!   the house took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the stop school violence act.  we must put t…  you for hosting!  #maga  cannot keep a blind eye to the r unfair trade practices against our country! five of our incredible @cabinet secretaries are testifying on the hill this morning on the need to rebuild our nati…  at no time in history have the business fundamentals of u. s.  companies been better than they are today! hundreds of good people, including very important ambassadors and judges, are being blocked and/or slow walked by t…  across this nation, we pray for our country and we thank god for our united states marines!  thank you.  god bles…  was my great honor to deliver a message at the marine corps air station miramar to our great u. s.  military, stra…  we don’t have a wall system, we’re not going to have a country.  congress must fund the border wall & prohibit gr…  sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nati…  to the center for immigration studies, the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importati…  to see the border wall prototypes in california!   pompeo, director of the cia, will become our new secretary of state.  he will do a fantastic job!  thank you to…  economy is raging, at an all time high, and is set to get even better.  jobs and wages up.  vote for rick saccone and keep it going! the house intelligence committee has, after a 14 month long in-depth investigation, found no evidence of collusion…  was my great honor to welcome the 2017 world series ch houston @astros to the @whitehouse!  #houstonstrong  pittsburgh post gazette just endorsed rick saccone for congress.  he will be much better for steel and business. …  schools are mandated to be gun free zones, violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter.  almost all…  18 to 21 age limits, watching court cases and rulings before acting.  states are making this decision.  things…  strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by white house.  legislation mov…  of commerce wilbur ross will be speaking with representatives of the european union about eliminating the…  and others have my approval ratings at around 50%, which is higher than obama, and yet the political pund…  democrats continue to obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run o…  republicans are 5-0 in recent congressional races, a point which the fake news media continuously fails to ment…  shown conclusively that there was no collusion with russia. . just excuse for losing.  the only collusion was…  failing new york times purposely wrote a false story stating that i am unhappy with my legal team on the russia…  crowd in moon township, pennsylvania tonight.  thank you!  get out on tuesday and vote for rick @saccone4pa18.  t…  me live in moon township, pennsylvania at 7:00pme.  great crowd for a #maga rally!  european union, wonderful countries who treat the u. s.  very badly on trade, are complaining about the tariffs o…  the first hours after hearing that north korea’s leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that…  korea has not conducted a missile test since november 28, 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meet…  to moon township, pennsylvania, to be with a really good person, state representative rick saccone, who is…  to prime minister abe of japan, who is very enthusiastic about talks with north korea.  also discussing openin…  president xi jinping and i spoke at length about the meeting with kim jong un of north korea.  president xi…  to kristian saucier, a man who has served proudly in the navy, on your newly found freedom.  now you…  are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our veterans. the deal with north korea is very much in the making and will be, if completed, a very good one for the world.  time…  to pm @turnbullmalcolm of australia.  he is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade…  right @repbost!  thank you for your support in helping put america back to work.  it’s about jobs, jobs, jobs…  forward to being in pennsylvania tomorrow in support of rick @saccone4pa18.  big crowd expected in moon townshi…  jobs, jobs!  #maga  jong un talked about denuclearization with the south korean representatives, not just a freeze.  also, no missil…  proclamation on adjusting imports of aluminum into the united states”  proclamation:…  proclamation on adjusting imports of steel into the united states” proclamation:…  meeting with @cabinet at the @whitehouse today!  #maga  #internationalwomensday“first lady melania trump to present the 2018 international women of courage award”  forward to 3:30 p. m.  meeting today at the white house.  we have to protect & build our steel and aluminum in…  u. s.  is acting swiftly on intellectual property theft.  we cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years! china has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a one billion dollar reduction in their massive trade defici…  bush 1 to present, our country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulat…  @realromadowney from bush 1 to present, our country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 m…  couple, great book!   be making a decision soon on the appointment of new chief economic advisor.  many people wanting the job - will choose wisely! possible progress being made in talks with north korea.  for the first time in many years, a serious effort is being…  judge in maryland has just ruled that “president trump has the right to end daca. ” president obama had 8 ye…  rated oscars in history.  problem is, we don’t have stars anymore - except your president just kidding, of course! rt @erictrump: congratulations @foxnews: fox has 15 of the top 20 shows with @seanhannity and @tuckercarlson leading the pack at 1st and 2n…we will see what happens!   are getting it done - jobs and security!   inaction on daca by dems.  where are you?  a deal can be made! the new fake news narrative is that there is chaos in the white house.  wrong!  people will always come & go, and i w…  march 5th and the democrats are nowhere to be found on daca.  gave them 6 months, they just don’t care.  where a…  did the obama administration start an investigation into the trump c with zero proof of wrongdoing lon…  protect our country we must protect american steel!  #america firsttreat our farmers much better.  highly restrictive.  mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into…  have large trade deficits with mexico and canada.  nafta, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad…  are on the losing side of almost all trade deals.  our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the u. s.  for m…  gridiron dinner last night was great fun.  i am accomplishing a lot in washington and have never had a better ti…  the e. u.  wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on u. s.  companies doing business t…  united states has an $800 billion dollar yearly trade deficit because of our “very stupid” trade deals and poli…  media in u. s.  is being mocked all over the world.  they’ve gone crazy!   national anthem day!   in peace billy graham!   a country taxes our products coming in at, say, 50%, and we tax the same product coming into our country at ze…  must protect our country and our workers.  our steel industry is in bad shape.  if you don’t have steel, you don’t have a country! eric, we are all with you and your family!  look forward to seeing you back on t. v.   baldwin, whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on snl, now says playing me…  a country usa is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with…  great meeting in the oval office tonight with the nra! rt @ivankatrump: my oped on the importance of #youthsports participation and how this administration is seeking to lift barriers so all our…rt @scavino45: “trump comes through — saves $1. 4 billion on new air force one”  growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades! jobless claims at a 49 year low! together, we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction, with unity, and with a commitment to lo…  confidence in february highest since november 2000”  in u. s.  expands at fastest pace since may 2004”  filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years.  great news for workers and jobs, jobs, jobs!  #maga  steel and aluminum industries and many others have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy w…  ideas, some good & some not so good, emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the whi…  was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of congress for a discussion on safe schools and safe communities.  as…  we honor billy graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored.  we say a prayer for our…  at a small bible school in florida, billy graham soon led a nationwide revival.  from a large tent in los a…  in the center of this great chamber lies billy graham – an ambassador for christ who reminded the world of t…  is a. g.  jeff sessions asking the inspector general to investigate potentially massive fisa abuse.  will take for…  year low on illegal border crossings this year.  ice and border patrol agents are doing a great job for our count…  have decided that sections of the wall that california wants built now will not be built until the whole wall is…  heritage foundation has just stated that 64% of the trump agenda is already done, faster than even ronald reaga…  legal win today.  u. s.  judge sided with the trump administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government…  a beautiful map, thank you!   of mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive tax cut bill d…  lc george p.  bush backed me when it wasn’t the politically correct thing to do, and i back him now.  also, ac…  consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000. a strong job market is boosting confidence.  t…  want to encourage all of my many texas friends to vote in the primary for governor greg abbott, senator ted cruz,…  hunt! “we’ve seen no evidence of collusion. i have seen nothing, the firing of james comey and all of the aftermath, th…  been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year.  i just don’t see the evidence…  got a very good point.  somebody in the justice department has a treasure trove of evidence of mrs.  clinton’s…  @whitehouse: merit-based immigration reform will benefit american workers and relieve the strain imposed by our current system on federa…rt @vollrathtammie: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews  @foxnews: president @realdonaldtrump on dem fisa memo: a lot of bad things happened on the other side, not on this side, but the other…rt @foxnews: president @realdonaldtrump on daca: i'm the one that's pushing daca and the democrats are nowhere to be found.   will be interviewed by @judgejeanine on @foxnews at 9:00 p. m.  enjoy! “congressman schiff omitted and distorted key facts” @foxnews  so, what else is new.  he is a total phony! “russians had no compromising information on donald trump” @foxnews  of course not, because there is none, and neve…  memo: fbi did not disclose who the clients were - the clinton c and the dnc.  wow! the democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal bust.  just confirms all…  cpac straw poll results: 93% approve of the job president trump is doing thank you! .  50% say president trump…  are no longer talking daca!  “out of sight, out of mind,” they say.  daca beneficiaries should not be happy.  nan…  claims are at the lowest level since 1973.  much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecess…  judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great state of pennsylvania.  @foxnews.  this is very unfa…  educators and trusted people who work within a school love our students and will protect them.  very smart p…  @realdonaldtrump: i will be strongly pushing comprehensive background checks with an emphasis on mental health.  raise age to 21 and end…so true wayne, and lowest black unemployment in history!   you to the great men and women of the united states @secretservice for a job well done! today, @flotus melania and i were honored to welcome prime minister @turnbullmalcolm and mrs.  turnbull of australia…  nation’s motto is in god we trust.  this week, our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to help…  salute our great american flag, we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of allegiance, and we all proudly…  years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation - and we are restoring our confidence…  those of you who are still interested, the democrats have totally forgotten about daca.  not a lot of interest on this subject from them! my daughter, ivanka, just arrived in south korea.  we cannot have a better, or smarter, person representing our country. cpac today! ms-13 gang members are being removed by our great ice and border patrol agents by the thousands, but these killers…  shooting survivor says he quit @cnn town hall after refusing scripted question. ” @tuckercarlson.  just like…  it was my great honor to host a school safety roundtable at the @whitehouse with state and local leaders, la…  behalf of an entire nation, congratulations to the u. s.  women's hockey team on winning the gold!  #goteamusa…  be meeting with lawmakers today at 11:30 a. m.  to discuss school safety.   next week it will be with our nation’…  many people don’t understand, or don’t want to understand, is that wayne, chris and the folks who work so hard…  will be strongly pushing comprehensive background checks with an emphasis on mental health.  raise age to 21 and e…  a potential “sicko shooter” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers and ot…  shows that a school shooting lasts, on average, 3 minutes.  it takes police & first responders approxima…  fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions.  highly trained teachers would als…  never said “give teachers guns” like was stated on fake news @cnn & @nbc.  what i said was to look at the possibil…  will always remember the time i spent today with courageous students, teachers and families.  so much love in the…  melania and i join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of billy graham.  our prayer…  it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary law enforcement officers and first responders, and to a…  if all of the russian meddling took place during the obama administration, right up to january 20th, why…  great billy graham is dead.  there was nobody like him!  he will be missed by christians and all religions.  a very special man. @cnn @msnbc whether we are republican or democrat, we must now focus on strengthening background checks! so true, thank you!   ratings @cnn & @msnbc got scammed when they covered the anti-trump russia rally wall-to-wall.  they probably kne…  street is booming thanks to our incredible tax cut and reform law.  this shows small-business owners are more…  running.  another false accusation.  why doesn’t @washingtonpost report the story of the women taking mon…  woman i don’t know and, to the best of my knowledge, never met, is on the front page of the fake news washington…  have been much tougher on russia than obama, just look at the facts.  total fake news! hope republicans in the great state of pennsylvania challenge the new “pushed” congressional map, all the way to th…  schlapp and cpac are getting ready for another exciting event.  big difference from those days when president o…  are now leading the generic poll, perhaps because of the popular tax cuts which the dems want to take a…  president obama quote just before election.  that’s because he thought crooked hillary was going to win and…  is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig america’s elections, there’…  you to @foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the obama administration had against russ…  faith of donald trump,” a book just out by david brody and scott lamb, is a very interesting read.  enjoy! the u. s.  economy is looking very good, in my opinion, even better than anticipated.  companies are pouring back into…  has announced he is running for the senate from the wonderful state of utah.  he will make a great sena…  was president up to, and beyond, the 2016 election.  so why didn’t he do something about russian meddling? have a great, but very reflective, president’s day! just watched a very insecure oprah winfrey, who at one point i knew very well, interview a panel of people on 60 mi…  great friends from nascar are having their big race today, the daytona 500.  brian france and the france family a…  you to kenstarr, former independent counsel, whitewater, for your insight and powerful words on fisa abuse, r…  pollster john mclaughlin now has the gop up in the generic congressional ballot.  big gain over last 4 weeks. …  fake news of big ratings loser cnn.   it was the goal of russia to create discord, disruption and chaos within the u. s.  then, with all of the committe…  @mike_pence: big night.  largest-ever dallas county gop reagan day dinner.  as i told the crowd, under president @realdonaldtrump: promise…now that adam schiff is starting to blame president obama for russian meddling in the election, he is probably doin…  never said russia did not meddle in the election, i said “it may be russia, or china or another country or group,…  liddle’ adam schiff, the leakin’ monster of no control, is now blaming the obama administration for russia…  gotten over the fact that obama was able to send $1. 7 billion dollars in cash to iran and nobody in congress,…  mcmaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the russians a…  sad that the fbi missed all of the many signals sent out by the florida school shooter.  this is not acceptable…  like they don’t want to solve the daca problem, why didn’t the democrats pass gun control legislation when the…  have seen all of the russian ads and i can say very definitively that swaying the election was *not* the main go…  fake news media never fails.  hard to ignore this fact from the vice president of facebook ads, rob goldman!   how the fake news media doesn’t want to say that the russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for…  a. g.  rod rosenstein stated at the news conference: “there is no allegation in the indictment that any americ…  deal don a big win,” written by michael goodwin of the @nypost, succinctly states that “the russians had n…  and i met such incredible people last night in broward county, florida.  will never forget them, or the evening! our entire nation, w/one heavy heart, continues to pray for the victims & their families in parkland, fl.  to teache…  started their anti-us c in 2014, long before i announced that i would run for president.  the results…  believe how badly daca recipients have been treated by the democratstotally abandoned!  republicans are still working hard. i will be leaving for florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have…  proclamation honoring the victims of the tragedy in parkland, florida:   continues deadly catch-and-release, and bars enforcement even for future illegal immigrants.  voting for…  schumer-rounds-collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe.  @dhsgov says it would be “the end of immi…  @spoxdhs: schumer-rounds-collins destroys the ability of @dhsgov to enforce immigration laws, creating a mass amnesty for over 10 millio…in times of tragedy, the bonds that sustain us are those of family, faith, community, and country.  these bonds are…  the republicans and democrats in congress are working hard to come up with a solution to daca, they should be…  many signs that the florida shooter was mentally disturbed, even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavi…  spoke to governor rick scott.  we are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible florida school shooting. my prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible florida shooting.  no child, teacher or an…  i was honored to be joined by republicans and democrats from both the house and senate, as well as members o…  we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of african-americans to our nation, our thoughts t…  on daca have begun.  republicans want to make a deal and democrats say they want to make a deal.  wouldn…  infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except, of course, the demo…  journey to #maga began @cpac 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something i l…  you to sue kruczek, who lost her wonderful and talented son nick to the opioid scourge, for your kind words w…  will be a big week for infrastructure.  after so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the middle east, it is now ti…  spoke to @johnkasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police o…  lou barletta, a great republican from pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters, will make a fan…  million hard working americans have already received a large bonus and/or pay increase because of our recently…  many positive things going on for the u. s. a.  and the fake news media just doesn’t want to go there.  same negativ…  administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, modern and lawful immigration system:…  thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers, their families, and everybody at the @westervillepd.   want to fix daca far more than the democrats do.  the dems had all three branches of government back in…  not just the fbi & doj, now the state department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the…  view is that not only has trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the dossier…  lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation.  some are true and some are false.  some are ol…  to the @nytimes, a russian sold phony secrets on “trump” to the u. s.  asking price was $10 million, brough…  democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew, because of sources and methods and mor…  claims have dropped to a 45 year low! costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more republicans in the 2018 election, and beyo…  more republicans in congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order…  signed bill.  our military will now be stronger than ever before.  we love and need our military and gave them e…  -senator mark warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a russian oligarch.  warner did no…  to end the visa lottery.  congress must secure the immigration system and protect americans.   long as we open our eyes to god’s grace - and open our hearts to god’s love - then america will forever be the l…  will be meeting with henry kissinger at 1:45pm.  will be discussing north korea, china and the middle east. our founders invoked our creator four times in the declaration of independence.  our currency declares “in god we tr…  be heading over shortly to make remarks at the national prayer breakfast in washington.  great religious and po…  budget agreement today is so important for our great military.  it ends the dangerous sequester and gives secret…  to the republic of korea on what will be a magnificent winter olympics!  what the south korean peopl…  wishes to the republic of korea on hosting the @olympics!  what a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that y…  fbi texts are bombshells! in the “old days,” when good news was reported, the stock market would go up.  today, when good news is reported, th…  @elonmusk and @spacex on the successful #falconheavy launch.  this achievement, along with @nasa’s c…  birthday to our 40th president of the united states of america, ronald reagan!   we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat…  need a 21st century merit-based immigration system.   chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs…  shows nearly 7 in 10 americans support an immigration reform package that includes daca, fully secures the…  prayers and best wishes are with the family of edwin jackson, a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken.  @coltsso disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed @colts linebacker edwin jackson.  this is just one of m…  to the historic tax cuts that i signed into law, your paychecks are going way up, your taxes are going way d…  devin nunes, a man of tremendous courage and grit, may someday be recognized as a great american her…  deal on daca that does not include strong border security and the desperately needed wall is a total waste of t…  adam schiff, who is desperate to run for higher office, is one of the biggest liars and leakers in washingto…  you to @foxandfriends for exposing the truth.  perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition! the democrats are pushing for universal healthcare while thousands of people are marching in the uk because their u…  to the philadelphia eagles on a great super bowl victory! my thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in south carolina.  th…  tool of anti-trump political actors.  this is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants t…  four page memo released friday reports the disturbing fact about how the fbi and fisa appear to have been used…  jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages- and nobody even talks about them.  only russia, russ…  memo totally vindicates “trump” in probe.  but the russian witch hunt goes on and on.  their was no collusion an…  just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than i had in winning the elect…  @erictrump: #makeamericagreatagain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  @erictrump: 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  it was my honor to join the great men and women of @dhsgov, @customsborder, @icegov and @uscis at the u. s.  c…  the orator outlines the greatness of america to democrats’ disgust”  3. 5 million americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of tax cuts, 2018 i…  had hillary clinton and the democratic party try to hide the fact that they gave money to gps fusion to create…  top leadership and investigators of the fbi and the justice department have politicized the sacred investigativ…  democrats just aren’t calling about daca.  nancy pelosi and chuck schumer have to get moving fast, or they’ll di…  you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the state of the union speech.  45. 6 million people watched…  5th is rapidly approaching and the democrats are doing nothing about daca.  they resist, blame, complain and o…  to beautiful west virginia to be with great members of the republican party.  will be planning infrastructur…  me live for the #sotu to america’s new secretary of @hhsgov, alex azar!   economy is better than it has been in many decades.  businesses are coming back to america like never before.  ch…  please inform jay-z that because of my policies, black unemployment has just been reported to be at the lowest rate ever recorded! democrats are not interested in border safety & security or in the funding and rebuilding of our military.  they are…  have offered daca a wonderful deal, including a doubling in the number of recipients & a twelve year pathway to c…  targeted innocent afghans, brave police in kabul today.  our thoughts and prayers go to the victims, and fir…  holocaust remembrance day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent jewish men, women and children, a…  you to brandon judd of the national border patrol council for his strong statement on @foxandfriends that we…  you for the wonderful welcome @wef!  #davos2018  has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that cryin’ chuck schumer took such a beating over the shutdo…  back from a very exciting two days in davos, switzerland.  speech on america’s economic revival was well rec…  me live at the 2018 world economic forum in davos, switzerland!  #wef18   bilateral meeting with president @alain_berset of the swiss confederation - as we continue to strengthen our…  was an honor to meet with republic of rwanda president paul kagame this morning in davos, switzerland.  many grea…  be interviewed on  @squawkcnbc by @joesquawk coming up at 6:00ame from davos, switzerland.  enjoy!  #wef18  americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of @nasa who lost their lives in our nation’s eternal…  productive bilateral meeting with prime minister benjamin @netanyahu of israel - in davos, switzerland!  #wef18  bilateral meeting with prime minister theresa may of the united kingdom, affirming the special relationship a…  soon be heading to davos, switzerland, to tell the world how great america is and is doing.  our economy is now…  was my great honor to welcome mayor’s from across america to the wh.  my administration will always support local…  today, i spoke with @govmattbevin of kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at marshall county high school…  investment by companies from all over the world being made in america.  there has never been anything lik…  chuck schumer fully understands, especially after his humiliating defeat, that if there is no wall, there is…  are the 50,000 important text messages between fbi lovers lisa page and peter strzok?   blaming samsung! thank you to general john kelly, who is doing a fantastic job, and all of the staff and others in the white house,…  knows for sure that the republicans & democrats will be able to reach a deal on daca by february 8, but ever…  one of the biggest stories in a long time, the fbi now says it is missing five months worth of lovers strzok-pag…  crazy jim acosta of fake news cnn agrees: “trump world and wh sources dancing in end zone: trump wins again…  win for republicans as democrats cave on shutdown.  now i want a big win for everyone, including republicans, de…  the democrats obstruction!   have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base.  they don’t want to do it but are powerless! the democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens.  not good! thank you to brad blakeman on @foxnews for grading year one of my presidency with an “a”-and likewise to doug schoe…  to see how hard republicans are fighting for our military and safety at the border.  the dems just want illega…  @realdonaldtrump: democrats are holding our military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration.  can’t let that hap…rt @foxnews: . @erictrump: my father was elected for one reason, and that's because he actually believes in putting america first, which is…rt @foxnews: . @kellyannepolls: since @potus took office, 863,000 new jobs were filled by women.  over half a million american women have en…rt @foxnews: . @davidwebbshow: let's look at the calendar.  it's january 20th.  daca expires on march 5th.  that means this was a construct of…rt @foxnews: . @erictrump: people have seen a year that's incredible, that's been filled with nothing but the best for our country, america…eric trump on @judgejeanine on @foxnews now! the trump administration has terminated more unnecessary regulation, in just twelve months, than any other administ…  @realdonaldtrump: democrats are far more concerned with illegal immigrants than they are with our great military or safety at our danger…unprecedented success for our country, in so many ways, since the election.  record stock market, strong on military…  weather all over our great country, a perfect day for all women to march.  get out there now to celebrate…  are holding our military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration.  can’t let that happen! #america first! for those asking, the republicans only have 51 votes in the senate, and they need 60.  that is why we need to win mo…  is the one year anniversary of my presidency and the democrats wanted to give me a nice present.  #democratshutdowndemocrats are far more concerned with illegal immigrants than they are with our great military or safety at our dan…  looking good for our great military or safety & security on the very dangerous southern border.  dems want a shu…  preliminary meeting in oval with @senschumer - working on solutions for security and our great military t…  signed 702 bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection.  this is not the same fisa law that was so wron…  i was honored and proud to address the 45th annual @march_for_life!  you are living witnesses of this year’s…  down the government is a very serious thing.  people die, accidents happen.  i don’t know how i would vote…  briefing with director marc short and director mick mulvaney funding bill past last night in the house of representatives.  now democrats are needed if it is to pass…  of representatives needs to pass government funding bill tonight.  so important for our country - our military needs it! america will once again be a nation that thinks big, dreams bigger, and always reaches for the stars.  you are the o…  pittsburgh now, where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers, and to show the world t…  government shutdown will be devastating to our militarysomething the dems care very little about! chip should be part of a long term solution, not a 30 day, or short term, extension! we need the wall for the safety and security of our country.  we need the wall to help stop the massive inflow of dr…  be going to pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to rick saccone, running for congress in a sp…  wall will be paid for, directly or indirectly, or through longer term reimbursement, by mexico, which has a…  wall is the wall, it has never changed or evolved from the first day i conceived of it.  parts will be, of neces…  is in retreat, our economy is booming, investments and jobs are pouring back into the country, and so much mor…  some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage, there are many great reporters i respect and lots of good n…  the fake news winners are street is back!  strongest holiday sales bump since the great recession -- beating forecasts by billions of dol…  the c i promised to make america great again by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country.  i…  promised that my policies would allow companies like apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the united s…  we witnessed an incredible moment in history – the presentation of congress’ highest civilian honor to our f…  trump on @foxandfriends  now! . we need to keep america safe, including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system, to one th…  report from doj & dhs shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-b…  it was my honor to welcome president nursultan nazarbayev of kazakhstan to the @whitehouse!   donald j.  trump proclaims january 16, 2018, as religious freedom day”  for black americans is the lowest ever recorded.  trump approval ratings with black americans has doubl…  of trump 2017 news coverage was negative” -and much of it contrived! @foxandfriendsdo you notice the fake news mainstream media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news, but r…  democrats want to shut down the government over amnesty for all and border security.  the biggest loser will be…  must have security at our very dangerous southern border, and we must have a great wall to help protect us, and…  @realdonaldtrump: senator dicky durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the daca meeting.  deals can’t get made when there is no t…rt @realdonaldtrump: daca is probably dead because the democrats don’t really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately needed m…rt @realdonaldtrump: i, as president, want people coming into our country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people co…rt @realdonaldtrump: big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” among many other things.  “president trump reversed the poli…rt @realdonaldtrump: “president trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy.  tax cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers…rt @erictrump: i will be always be incredibly proud of my work for @stjude, raising $16. 3+ million dollars over the last 10 years at a 9. 2%…rt @erictrump: #makeamericagreatagain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  @heritage: we had a special visitor yesterday.  @ivankatrump, thank you for meeting with @kaycolesjames, spending time with our team, and…senator dicky durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the daca meeting.  deals can’t get made when there is n…  @whitehouse: dr.  king's dream is our dream.  it is the american dream.  it's the promise stitched into the fabric of our nation, etched i…to stop drugs, they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do. ” my standard is very simple, a…  by me last night in florida: “honestly, i don’t think the democrats want to make a deal.  they talk about…  unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” among many other things.  “president trump reversed the p…  trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy.  tax cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 work…  as president, want people coming into our country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people…  is probably dead because the democrats don’t really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately neede…  @realdonaldtrump: so much fake news is being reported.  they don’t even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong.  they prom…and they knew exactly what i said and meant.  they just wanted a story.  fake news! the wall street journal stated falsely that i said to them “i have a good relationship with kim jong un” of n.  kor…  @paulsperry_:  @paulsperry_: fusion gps, firm behind disputed russia dossier, retracts its claim of fbi mole in trump camp @jackposobiec: dick durbin called trump racist for wanting to end chain migration.  here's a video of dick durbin calling for an end to…rt @loudobbs: the stock market has gained an incredible 7. 8 trillion dollars in market value since @potus was elected!  looks like 4% econom…so much fake news is being reported.  they don’t even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong.  they p…  don’t believe the democrats really want to see a deal on daca.  they are all talk and no action.  this is the time…  first! the democrats are all talk and no action.  they are doing nothing to fix daca.  great opportunity missed.  too bad! yesterday was a big day for the stock market.  jobs are coming back to america.  chrysler is coming back to the usa,…  it was my great honor to proclaim january 15, 2018, as martin luther king jr. , federal holiday.  i encourage…  said anything derogatory about haitians other than haiti is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country.  nev…  democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal, not a fa…  language used by me at the daca meeting was tough, but this was not the language used.  what was really tough wa…  of the democrats not being interested in life and safety, daca has now taken a big step backwards.  the…  which are doing badly.  i want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our c…  so-called bipartisan daca deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of republican senators and congressmen…  i canceled my trip to london is that i am not a big fan of the obama administration having sold perhaps the…  democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the southern border, risking thousa…  dianne feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization…  is moving a massive plant from mexico to michigan, reversing a years long opposite trend.  thank you chrysl…  great news as a result of historical tax cuts and reform: fiat chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1…  business poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history.  all business is just at the beginning of something really special! thank you adam levine, the federalist, in interview on @foxandfriends  “donald trump is the greatest president our country has ever seen. ”yesterday, i signed the #interdictact h. r.  2142 with bipartisan members of congress to help end the flow of drugs…  news, as a result of our tax cuts & jobs act!   that being said, i have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s v…  year low in illegal immigration this year. ” @foxandfriends“house votes on controversial fisa act today. ” this is the act that may have been used, with the help of the discre…  new quinnipiac poll, 66% of people feel the economy is “excellent or good. ” that is the highest number ever recorded by this poll. disproven and paid for by democrats “dossier used to spy on trump c did fbi use intel tool to influence the…  news: toyota and mazda announce giant new huntsville, alabama, plant which will produce over 300,000 cars and…  taxes and simplifying regulations makes america the place to invest!  great news as toyota and mazda announc…  united states needs the security of the wall on the southern border, which must be part of any daca approval.  t…  it was my great honor to welcome prime minister erna solberg of norway to the @whitehouse - a great friend a…  want to thank my @cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country.  2017 was a year of monumental achievem…  single greatest witch hunt in american history continues.  there was no collusion, everybody including the dems…  fact that sneaky dianne feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between trump/russia has…  just shows everyone how broken and unfair our court system is when the opposing side in a case such as daca al…  hsi agents and ero officers, on behalf of an entire nation, thank you for what you are doing 24/7/365 to k…  you @gopleader kevin mccarthy!  couldn’t agree w/you more.  together, we are #maga🇺🇸  i made very clear today, our country needs the security of the wall on the southern border, which must be part of any daca approval. rt @scavino45: “utilities cutting rates, cite benefits of trump tax reform”  it was my great honor to sign a new executive order to ensure veterans have the resources they need as they…  to all of the republican and democratic lawmakers for today’s very productive meeting on immigration reform. …  was my great honor to sign h. r.  267, the “martin luther king, jr.  national historical park act,” which redesigna…  behalf of the american people, thank you to our incredible law enforcement officers.  as president of the united…  are fighting for our farmers, for our country, and for our great american flag.  we want our flag respected - and…  every decision we make, we are honoring america’s proud farming legacy.  years of crushing taxes, crippling regs,…  have been working every day to deliver for america’s farmers just as they work every day to deliver for us. …  wait to be back in the amazing state of tennessee to address the 99th american @farmbureau federation’s annua…  american unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country.  the hispanic unemployment rate dropped a…  in the wh, doubling down on barack obama’s failed policies, washes away any doubts that america made the…  is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency.  so much so that, despite my own frustration over…  stock market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only record setting stock…  fake news awards, those going to the most corrupt & biased of the mainstream media, will be presented to the lo…  tapper of fake news cnn just got destroyed in his interview with stephen miller of the trump administration.  w…  had to put up with the fake news from the first day i announced that i would be running for president.  now i h…  camp david for the white house.  great meetings with the cabinet and military on many very important subject…  president of the united states on my first try.  i think that would qualify as not smart, but genius. and…  throughout my life, my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart. …  that russian collusion, after one year of intense study, has proven to be a total hoax on the american public,…  ross, the reporter who made a fraudulent live newscast about me that drove the stock market down 350 points …  african american unemployment rate fell to 6. 8%, the lowest rate in 45 years.  i am so happy about this news!  an…  wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book.  he used…  idea rand!   mercer family recently dumped the leaker known as sloppy steve bannon.  smart! well, now that collusion with russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with hillary clinton a…  goes from 18,589 on november 9, 2016, to 25,075 today, for a new all-time record.  jumped 1000 points in last 5…  fake news media barely mentions the fact that the stock market just hit another new record and that business in…  authorized zero access to white house actually turned him down many times for author of phony book!  i never spo…  america great again!   you to the great republican senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform.  we must build the wall,…  just crashes through 25,000.  congrats!  big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing. so beautiful. show this picture to the nfl players who still kneel!   all of the failed “experts” weighing in, does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on…  americans, you need identification, sometimes in a very strong and accurate form, for almost everything you do. . …  mostly democrat states refused to hand over data from the 2016 election to the commission on voter fraud.  they…  america great again! stock market had another good day but, now that the tax cut bill has passed, we have tremendous upward potential.  d…  40 u. s.  companies have responded to president trump’s tax cut and reform victory in congress last year by han…  and i are deeply saddened by the death of thomas s.  monson, a beloved president of the church of jesus chri…  respect for the people of iran as they try to take back their corrupt government.  you will see great support f…  trump has something now he didn’t have a year ago, that is a set of accomplishments that nobody can deny…  will be announcing the most dishonest & corrupt media awards of the year on monday at 5:00 o’clock.  subjects will…  korean leader kim jong un just stated that the “nuclear button is on his desk at all times. ” will someone fro…  treaty with israel.  we have taken jerusalem, the toughest part of the negotiation, off the table, but isra…  not only pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing, but also many other countries, and others.  a…  to senator orrin hatch on an absolutely incredible career.  he has been a tremendous supporter, and…  will not rest until all of america’s great veterans can receive the care they so richly deserve.  tremendous prog…  are doing nothing for daca - just interested in politics.   daca activists and hispanics will go hard agai…  journalists of a much higher standard, lose all of your phony and non-existent “sources,” and treat t…  failing new york times has a new publisher, a. g.  sulzberger.  congratulations!  here is a last chance for the tim…  taking office i have been very strict on commercial aviation.  good news - it was just reported that there wer…  and “other” pressures are beginning to have a big impact on north korea.  soldiers are dangerously fleeing…  are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the tax cut bill.  really great! thank you to brandon judd of the national border patrol council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the…  hillary clinton’s top aid, huma abedin, has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols.  she put…  people of iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt iranian regime.  all of the money that presiden…  be leaving florida for washington d. c.  today at 4:00 p. m.  much work to be done, but it will be a great new year! iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the obama administration.  the great iran…  united states has foolishly given pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years, and they…  new year!  we are making america great again, and much faster than anyone thought possible! as our country rapidly grows stronger and smarter, i want to wish all of my friends, supporters, enemies, haters, a…  the number one state of sponsored terror with numerous violations of human rights occurring on an hourly basi…  a year it’s been, and we're just getting started.  together, we are making america great again!  happy new year! !   deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in douglas county @dcsheriff, and their families.  we…  would smart voters want to put democrats in congress in 2018 election when their policies will totally kill the…  the dems crooked hillary got elected, your stocks would be down 50% from values on election day.  now they have…  protests in iran.  the people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squa…  rally: stocks put 2017 in the record books”  are kicking in and companies are coming back to the u. s.  unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dram…  use social media not because i like to, but because it is the only way to fight a very dishonest and unfair “pres…  taxes: “this is the biggest corporate rate cut ever, going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 y…  regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the iranian people will face a choice.  the wor…  entire world understands that the good people of iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of t…  reports of peaceful protests by iranian citizens fed up with regime’s corruption & its squandering of the nati…  democrats have been told, and fully understand, that there can be no daca without the desperately needed wall a…  is the united states post office, which is losing many billions of dollars a year, while charging amazon and ot…  @charliekirk11: incredible video: @cbs does a special on the gop tax plan the result? every middle class family they sat down with sa…rt @charliekirk11: isis getting slaughtered: square miles liberated from isistrump: 26,000 --  obama: 13,200total square miles held by…rt @foxbusiness: . @charliekirk11: what this president has done is truly historic, and if a democrat president achieved 1/10th of what @pot…rt @charliekirk11: 3 big wins in 2017 you won't hear:trump confirmed the most circuit court judges ever in a president's 1st year all co…while the fake news loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating, @foxandfriends just showed that my rating…  the east, it could be the coldest new year’s eve on record.  perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old g…  we are making america great again!    @realdonaldtrump: “arrests of ms-13 members, associates up 83% under trump”  @danscavino: congratulations to the 2017 @pinstripebowl yankee stadium ch iowa @hawkeyefootball!   @erictrump: #throwbackthursdays @realdonaldtrump 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  @ivankatrump: “the trump economy is booming. ” one thing @realdonaldtrump “has done that has received little attention despite arguably d…i've been saying it for a long, long time.  #noko  red handed - very disappointed that china is allowing oil to go into north korea.  there will never be a frie…  sales are at record numbers.  we’ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you haven’t seen anything yet! vanity fair, which looks like it is on its last legs, is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit th…  of ms-13 members, associates up 83% under trump”  1/20 - the day trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 isis fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of ter…  left west palm beach fire & rescue #2.  met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much…  signs are that business is looking really good for next year, only to be helped further by our tax cut bill.  wi…  @foxandfrlends  “dossier is bogus.  clinton c dnc funded dossier.  fbi cannot after all of this time v…  on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular individual mandate has been terminated as part of our tax cut…  hope everyone is having a great christmas, then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to make america great again …  @erictrump: we should all take a moment to say a prayer for those who paid the ultimate price  — their bravery and sacrifice allows us t…merry christmas! ! !   christmas! !   are proud to be saying merry christmas again.  i am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our c…  tax cut/reform bill, including massive alaska drilling and the repeal of the highly unpopular individual mandat…  fake news refuses to talk about how big and how strong our base is.  they show fake polls just like they report…  @shawgerald4: @realdonaldtrump thank you president trump! !   andrew mccabe, “in addition to his wife getting all of this money from m clinton puppet, he was u…  the republicans are 5-0 in congressional races this year.  in senate, i said roy m would lose in alabama a…  stock market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low.  so many things accomplished b…  “fbi lawyer james baker reassigned,” according to @foxnews. fbi deputy director andrew mccabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits.  90 days to go? ! ! ! how can fbi deputy director andrew mccabe, the man in charge, along with leakin’ james comey, of the phony hillary…  @erictrump: #journalismisdead   the most hated part of obamacare is the individual mandate, which is being terminated under our just signed tax cut bill. today, it was my great honor to sign the largest tax cuts and reform in the history of our country.  full remarks:…  united nations security council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional sanctions on north korea.  the world wants peace, not death! congressman ron desantis is a brilliant young leader, yale and then harvard law, who would make a great governor of…  of americans will pay less or, at worst, the same amount of taxes mostly far less.  the dems only want to raise your taxes! will be signing the biggest ever tax cut and reform bill in 30 minutes in oval office.  will also be signing a much…  all my administration has done on legislative approvals broke harry truman’s record, regulation cutting, jud…  president has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year. ” thank you charlie kirk of t…  some point, and for the good of the country, i predict we will start working with the democrats in a bipartisan…  true!   big and very popular tax cut and reform bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “love” - that is big comp…  you to everyone who joined me at the @whitehouse yesterday.  together, we are making america great again! …  democrats want a shutdown for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular, just passed, tax cuts. …  sales hit best numbers in 10 years!  make america great againwas @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news?  you deserve it - three great people!  the many fake…  massive tax cuts, which the fake news media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their democrat bo…  are making america great again!   are delivering historic tax relief for the american people! #taxcutsandjobsact  we are making america great again!   would like to congratulate @senatemajldr on having done a fantastic job both strategically & politically on the p…  tax cuts are so large and so meaningful, and yet the fake news is working overtime to follow the lead of their…  united states senate just passed the biggest in history tax cut and reform bill.  terrible individual mandate o…  to paul ryan, kevin mccarthy, kevin brady, steve scalise, cathy mcmorris rodgers and all great hous…   story in the @washingtonpost that i was close to “rescinding” the nomination of justice gorsuch prior to confirm…  and the economy have a long way to go after the tax cut bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope…  rises 5000 points on the year for the first time ever - make america great again! together, our task is to strengthen our families, to build up our communities, to serve our citizens, and to celebr…  the strategy that i announced today, we are declaring that america is in the game and america is determined to…  record closes for the dow so far this year!  we have never had 70 dow records in a one year period.  wow! thank you maria b!   true ivanka!   the world watches, we are days away from passing historic tax cuts for american families and businesses.  it will…  the american people speak, all of us should listen.  just over one year ago, you spoke loud and clear.  on novem…  the past 11 months, i have travelled tens of thousands of miles, to visit 13 countries.  i have met with more t…  deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in washington state. …  thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in dupont, washington.  thank you to all of…  train accident that just occurred in dupont, wa shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructur…  trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends. remember, republicans are 5-0 in congressional races this year.  the media refuses to mention this.  i said gillespie…  than a century after conquering flight, the #wrightbrothers continue to motivate & inspire americans, who neve…  weekend at camp david.  a very special place.  a lot of very important work done.  heading back to the…  a candidate, i promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday working american families who are the b…  address🇺🇸  cuts will increase investment in the american economy and in u. s.  workers, leading to higher growth, higher wag…  to two great and hardworking guys, corey lewandowski and david bossie, on the success of their just…  job kevin, we are all proud of you!   @repkristinoem: a lot of tough decisions got us to this point, but we’re closer than we’ve been in 30+ years to a fairer tax code that k…rt @speakerryan: for individuals and families, the final tax cuts & jobs act:✔lowers individual taxes✔nearly doubles the standard deducti…rt @presssec: . @potus historic tax cuts + doubling of the child tax credit will do infinitely more to empower working moms than liberals' p…dow, s& 500 and nasdaq close at record highs!  #maga  it was my tremendous honor to visit marine helicopter squadron one hmx-1 at the marine corps air facility…  are always there for us – the men and women in blue. thank you to our police, thank you to our sheriffs, and t…  each member of the graduating class from the national academy at quantico, congratulations!   was my honor.  thank you!   @gopchairwoman: . @realdonaldtrump is the paycheck president.  learn how the tax bill will put more money in your pocket & how to contact…“manufacturing optimism rose to another all-time high in the latest @shopfloornam outlook survey”  1960, there were approximately 20,000 pages in the code of federal regulations.  today there are over 185,000 pag…  americans are free to thrive, innovate, & prosper, there is no challenge too great, no task too large, & no go…  we gathered in the roosevelt room for one single reason: to cut the red tape!  for many decades, an ever-grow…  a candidate, i promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday, working americans.  if you make your vo…  tax cuts are looking very good.  all are working hard.  in the meantime, the stock market hit another record high! thank you omarosa for your service!  i wish you continued success. if last night’s election proved anything, it proved that we need to put up great republican candidates to increase…  more than 90% of fake news media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue storie…  reason i originally endorsed luther strange and his numbers went up mightily, is that i said roy moore will n…  to doug jones on a hard fought victory.  the write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a…  all of those celebrating #hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of thos…  confidence is at an all-time high, along with a record high stock market.  unemployment is at a 17 year low…  people of alabama will do the right thing.  doug jones is pro-abortion, weak on crime, military and illegal immi…  senator kirsten gillibrand, a total flunky for chuck schumer and someone who would come to my office “b…  thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the democrats have been unable to show any co…  false story, this time in the failing @nytimes, that i watch 4-8 hours of television a day - wrong!   also,…  little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the fake news media. …  closer and closer on the tax cut bill.  shaping up even better than projected.  house and senate working very…  are going really well for our economy, a subject the fake news spends as little time as possible discussing! …  american should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in…  army - navy game.  army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the commander-in-chief’s trophy!  congratulations! . @daveweigel of the washington post just admitted that his picture was a fake fraud?  showing an almost empty aren…  @washingtonpost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before i arrived @ the venue, w/ thousan…  a great game today, @usarmy and @usnavy - i will be watching.  we love our u. s.  military.  on behalf of an ent…  was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the mississippi state history museum &  to the great state of mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected governor, @philbryantms. …  slogan is cnn, the most trusted name in news.  everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a…  news cnn made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday.  they were caught red handed, just like lonely brian…  big contingent of very enthusiastic roy moore fans at the rally last night.  we can’t have a pelosi/schumer libera…  evening last night in pensacola, florida.  arena was packed to the rafters, the crowd was loud, loving and rea…  believe that every american should stand for the national anthem, and we proudly pledge allegiance to one nation…  is your land, this is your home, and it's your voice that matters the most.  so speak up, be heard, and fight,…  arrived at the pensacola bay center.  join me live on @foxnews in 10 minutes!  #maga  my way to pensacola, florida.  see everyone soon!  #maga  unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4. 1%.  the unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2. 6%, th…  america great again!   and penalties against wells fargo bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be drop…  thing the make america great again agenda needs is a liberal democrat in senate where we have so little margin…  crowd expected today in pensacola, florida, for a make america great again speech.  we have done so much in so s…  fulfilled my c promise - others didn’t!   @flotus melania and i were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @whitehouse – and wish the…  the battlefields, oceans, and harrowing skies of europe and the pacific throughout the war, one great battle…  as we remember pearl harbor, it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving veterans of the attack o…  the u. s.  flag flies at half-staff at the @whitehouse, in honor of national pearl harbor remembrance day. …  our entire nation pauses to remember pearl harbor—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and foug…  pearl harbor remembrance day - “a day that will live in infamy! ” december 7, 1941go get the new book on andrew jackson by brian kilmeadereally good.  @foxandfriendsrt @erictrump: #makeamericagreatagain  @chuckgrassley: jerusalem embassy act of ‘95 senate vote 93-5 & i voted for it states embassy should be in jerusalem by 5/31/99.  for 1…i have determined that it is time to officially recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel.  i am also directing t…  me live from the @whitehouse via #periscope thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of california’s wildfires.  i encourage everyone to heed the…  america great again! rt @scavino45: time lapse video of the border wall prototypes, when they were being built in san diego.  next phase underway: testing and ev…join me this friday in pensacola, florida at the pensacola bay center!  tickets:   i was thrilled to be with so many wonderful friends, in utah’s magnificent capitol. it was my honor to…  must watch: legal scholar alan dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to…  the great vote on cutting taxes, this could be a big day for the stock market - and you! putting pelosi/schumer liberal puppet jones into office in alabama would hurt our great republican agenda of low on…  refusal to give even one vote for massive tax cuts is why we need republican roy moore to win in alabama. …  “anti-trump fbi agent led clinton email probe”  now it all starts to make sense! people who lost money when the stock market went down 350 points based on the false and dishonest reporting of bria…  years of comey, with the phony and dishonest clinton investigation and more, running the fbi, its reputatio…  no, very dishonest?  fbi “agent’s role in clinton probe under review. ” led clinton email probe. …  a total miscarriage of justice in san francisco!   @paulsperry_: wray needs to clean house.  now we know the politicization even worse than mccabe's ties to mcauliffe/clinton.  it also infe…rt @paulsperry_: breaking: top fbi investigator for mueller--peter strzok--busted sending political text messages bashing trump & praising…rt @govchristie: . @potus has done more to combat the addiction crisis than any other president.   @presssec: the trump effect: “the u. s.  economy is running at its full potential for the first time in a decade” -wsj never asked comey to stop investigating flynn.  just more fake news covering another comey lie! congratulations to @abc news for suspending brian ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the…  people in our country are asking what the “justice” department is going to do about the fact that totally croo…  general flynn lies to the fbi and his life is destroyed, while crooked hillary clinton, on that now famous fbi h…  job first lady melania!   years ago this week, a brave seamstress in montgomery, alabama uttered one word that changed history  had to fire general flynn because he lied to the vice president and the fbi.  he has pled guilty to those lies.  it…  tax bill and tax cuts in history just passed in the senate.  now these great republicans will be going for f…  are one step closer to delivering massive tax cuts for working families across america.  special thanks to…  on the tax cuts and jobs act:“the enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corpor…  media has been speculating that i fired rex tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - fake news!  he’s not le…  @whitehouse: president trump proclaims today as #worldaidsday:   senators are working hard to pass the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country.  the bill is getti…  jury was not told the killer of kate was a 7 time felon.  the schumer/pelosi democrats are so weak on crime that…  kate steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected obama border, always committing crimes and bei…  disgraceful verdict in the kate steinle case!  no wonder the people of our country are so angry with illegal immigration. the christmas story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother, a father, their baby son and the most extraordinary gift…  is a day that i’ve been looking very much forward to all year long.  it is one that you have heard me speak ab…  fifth 1k milestone of 2017! #dow24k #maga  it was my great honor to meet with the crown prince of bahrain at the @whitehouse.  bahrain and the united st…  you @senorrinhatch.  let’s continue making america great again!    dow just broke 24,000 for the first time another all-time record.  if the dems had won the presidential electi…  market hits new record high.  confidence and enthusiasm abound.  more great numbers coming out! the chinese envoy, who just returned from north korea, seems to have had no impact on little rocket man.  hard to be…  failing @nytimes has totally gone against the social media guidelines that they installed to preserve some cred…  failing @nytimes, the pipe organ for the democrat party, has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to…  to hear the democrats talking about the national debt when president obama doubled it in only 8 years! “had the information crooked hillary’s emails been released there would have been harm to national security. …  only people who don’t like the tax cut bill are the people that don’t understand it or the obstructionist democ…  house of representatives seeks contempt citations?  against the justicedepartment and the fbi for withholding…  don’t focus on me, focus on the destructive radical islamic terrorism that is taking place within th…  we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to restore american prosperity – and reclaim america’s destiny. but…  vote to cut taxes is a vote to put america first.  it is time to take care of our workers, to protect our communit…  week, the senate can join the house & take a strong stand for the middle class families who are the backbone o…  @jba_nafw for st.  charles, missouri to help push our plan for historic tax cuts across the finish line. …  growing!  excluding hurricane effects, cea estimates that real gdp growth would have been 3. 9% in q3. stock…  spoke to president xi jinping of china concerning the provocative actions of north korea.  additional major san…  now that matt lauer is gone when will the fake news practitioners at nbc be terminating the contract of phil gri…  matt lauer was just fired from nbc for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace. ” but when will the top…  like another great day for the stock market.  consumer confidence is at record high.  i guess somebody likes me my policies! great, and we should boycott fake news cnn.  dealing with them is a total waste of time!   we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy!   @erictrump: #makeamericagreatagain  day for tax cuts and the republican party.  but the biggest winner will be our great country! great work ivanka!   won the lawsuit on leadership of consumer financial protection bureau, cfpb.  a big win for the consumer! charles mccullough, the respected fmr intel comm inspector general, said public was misled on crooked hillary email…  north korea missile launch, it's more important than ever to fund our gov't & military!  dems shouldn't hold t…  @narendramodi: had a wonderful meeting with @ivankatrump, advisor to @potus and leader of the us delegation at the @ges2017.   conference board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in november.  the con…  s& 500 and nasdaq all finished the day at new record highs!   from the roosevelt room with @senatemajldr mitch mcconnell, @speakerryan and secretary of defense, general…  from president donald j.  trump on #givingtuesday”  @ivankatrump: it was an honor to meet with you prime minister modi.  thank you for co-hosting the 8th annual global entrepreneurship summ…meeting with “chuck and nancy” today about keeping government open and working.  problem is they want illegal immigr…  @ivankatrump: thank you for the warm welcome.  i’m excited to be in hyderabad, india for #ges2017.   @flotus: the decorations are up!  @whitehouse is ready to celebrate!  wishing you a merry christmas & joyous holiday season!   @statedeptspox: #ges2017 highlights the important role of women #entrepreneurs & demonstrates the importance of #innovation & partnershi…rt @flotus: had a wonderful visit from @jba_nafw children today at the @whitehouse!  #whitehousechristmas  our great and very hard working first lady, who truly loves what she is doing, always thought that “if you…  least 24 players kneeling this weekend at nfl stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up.  the amer…  you rand!   home sales reach a 10 year high.  stock market has more record gains.  hopefully republican senators will give us…  tax cut bill is coming along very well, great support.  with just a few changes, some mathematical, the middle c…  good news is that their ratings are terrible, nobody cares!   should have a contest as to which of the networks, plus cnn and not including fox, is the most dishonest, corrup…  in d. c. , big week for tax cuts and many other things of great importance to our country.   senate republicans w…  the first day i took office, all you hear is the phony democrat excuse for losing the election, russia, russi…  endorsed luther strange in the alabama primary.  he shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough.  can’t let schum…  last thing we need in alabama and the u. s.  senate is a schumer/pelosi puppet who is weak on crime, weak on the…  even i didn’t realize we did so much.  wish the fake news would report!  thank you.   is much more important in the united states than cnn, but outside of the u. s. , cnn international is still…  out the recent editorial in the wall street journal @wsj about what a complete disaster the @cfpb has been un…  consumer financial protection bureau, or cfpb, has been a total disaster as run by the previous administrations…  #smallbusinesssaturday! a great day to support your community and america’s job creators by shopping locally…  magazine called to say that i was probably going to be named “man person of the year,” like last year, but i…  be calling the president of egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack, with so much loss o…  and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in egypt.  the world cannot tolerate t…  turkey call i will be heading over to trump national golf club, jupiter, to play golf quickly with tiger wo…  be speaking to president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that i i…  you believe that the disrespect for our country, our flag, our anthem continues without penalty to the players. …  great people!   great guy with great ratings!   @deptofdefense: #happythanksgiving from @usarmy and @usnationalguard #soldiers serving with task force marauder in #afghanistan.  🦃  @scavino45: today, @potus @realdonaldtrump and @flotus melania visit the @uscg at the lake worth inlet station, in riviera beach, florid…obamacare premiums are going up, up, up, just as i have been predicting for two years.  obamacare is owned by the de…  great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @uscg, at the lake worth inlet station, in riviera beach…  thanksgiving!   be doing a live thanksgiving video teleconference with members of the military at 9:00 a. m.   afghanistan, iraq…  america great again! @theplumlinegs make america great again! happy thanksgiving, your country is starting to do really well.  jobs coming back, highest stock market ever, milita…  it will get even better with tax cuts!   have long given the order to help argentina with the search and rescue mission of their missing submarine.  45 peo…  million american to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years aaa.  traffic and airports are running very smoothly!   @foxnewsrt @flotus: preparations are underway to celebrate the holidays at the @whitehouse!   @usnavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash.  we are monitoring the situation.  prayers for…  be having meetings and working the phones from the winter white house in florida mar-a-lago.  stock market hi…  @ingrahamangle: “far right”?  you mean “right so far,” as in @realdonaldtrump has been right so far abt how to kick the economy into high…the nfl is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the locker room during the national anthem next season. …  you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during thanksgiving with your son in china, but no nba contra…  wasn’t the white house, it wasn’t the state department, it wasn’t father lavar’s so-called people on the ground…  we continued a wonderful american tradition at the white house.  drumstick and wishbone will live out their d…  donald j.  trump and @flotus melania participate in the pardoning of the national thanksgiving turkey at t…  president trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%.   analysts predict economic boom for 2018!   @foxandfriends and @varneycomarshawn lynch of the nfl’s oakland raiders stands for the mexican anthem and sits down to boos for our national an…  senators are working very hard to get tax cuts and tax reform approved.  hopefully it will not be long an…  patrol officer killed at southern border, another badly hurt.  we will seek out and bring to justice those re…  trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horr…  is a very big deal in china, as it should be 5-10 years in jail, but not to father lavar.  should have…  jeff flakey, who is unelectable in the great state of arizona quit race, anemic polls was caught purposel…  that the three basketball players are out of china and saved from years in jail, lavar ball, the father of lian…  @greta: thank you @realdonaldtrump - this is important to so many of us  @piersmorgan: boom!  thank you, mr president.  trophy-hunting is repellent.   hillary clinton is the worst and biggest loser of all time.  she just can’t stop, which is so good for the…  big game trophy decision on hold until such time as i review all conservation facts.  under study for years.  wil…  it was an honor to celebrate the collegiate national ch of 2016/2017 at the @whitehouse! …  we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities, and we're going to destroy the…  democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes, we would be able to get many of their ideas into bill! great numbers on stocks and the economy.  if we get tax cuts and reform, we'll really see some great results! . and to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women.  lesley stahl tape? the al frankenstien picture is really bad, speaks a thousand words.  where do his hands go in pictures 2, 3, 4, 5 & 6 while she sleeps?  . . big win today in the house for gop tax cuts and reform, 227-205.  zero dems, they want to raise taxes much higher, but not for our military! congratulations to the house of representatives for passing the #taxcutsandjobsact — a big step toward fulfilling o…  all on the un security council to vote to renew the joint investigative mechanism for syria to ensure that ass…  is sending an envoy and delegation to north korea - a big move, we'll see what happens! . your release possible and, have a great life!  be careful, there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life! to the three ucla basketball players i say:  you're welcome, go out and give a big thank you to president xi jinping of china who made. . big vote tomorrow in the house.  tax cuts are getting close! why are democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business jobs?  the reason: obstruction and delay! it is actually hard to believe how naive or dumb the failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policyweak and ineffective! they should realize that these relationships are a good thing, not a bad thing.  the u. s.  is being respected again.  watch trade! the failing @nytimes hates the fact that i have developed a great relationship with world leaders like xi jinping, president of china. . do you think the three ucla basketball players will say thank you president trump?  they were headed for 10 years in jail! thank you!   you, working hard!   in the philippines i was forced to watch @cnn, which i have not done in months, and again realized how bad, and fake, it is.  loser! . @foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to asia, and the friendships & benefits that will endure for years to come! our great country is respected again in asia.  you will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come! rt @scavino45: 20,295 miles later #potusinasia has successfully concluded as @potus @realdonaldtrump lands on the south lawn of @whitehouse…rt @realdonaldtrump: unemployment is down to 4. 1%, lowest in 17 years.  1. 5 million new jobs created since i took office.  highest stock mark…rt @pchowka: sean hannity's big week - top ratings, probing reporting, and let there be light at american thinker  h…rt @realdonaldtrump: thank you to our great military/veterans and @pacificcommand. remember #pearlharbor.  remember the @ussarizona! a day…just returned from asia after 12 very successful days.  great to be home! thank you asia!  #usa🇺🇸  you to the amazing staff and their families of the united states embassy in the philippines.  keep up the grea…  of the most accurate polls last time around.  but #fakenews likes to say we’re in the 30’s.  they are wrong.  some…  will be making a major statement from the @whitehouse upon my return to d. c.  time and date to be set. just arrived at #asean50 in the philippines for my final stop with world leaders.  will lead to fair trade deals, un…  my tour of asia, all countries dealing with us on trade know that the rules have changed.  the united states h…  to see @randpaul looking well and back on the senate floor.  he will help us with tax cuts and reform! excited to be heading home to see the house pass a great tax bill with the middle class getting big tax cuts! #makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸i am proud of the rep.  house & senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {& reform. } we’re getting close!  now, ho…  to announce, i am nominating alex azar to be the next hhs secretary.  he will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices! will be leaving the philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs & work in order to #maga!  my promises are rapidly being fulfilled. great day of bilateral meetings at #aseansummit on trade, which we are turning around to be great deals for our cou…  you!   had a wonderful visit to vietnam, thank you president tran dai quang!  heading to the #aseansummit 50th anniv gal…  landed in the philippines after a great day of meetings and events in hanoi, vietnam!   would kim jong-un insult me by calling me old, when i would never call him short and fat?  oh well, i try so…  the fake news media remember when crooked hillary clinton, as secretary of state, was begging russia to be our…  will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with russia is a good thing, n…  with president putin of russia who was at #apec meetings.  good discussions on syria.  hope for his help to solve…  be doing a joint press conference in hanoi, vietnam then heading for final destination of trip, the phillipines. president xi of china has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #noko.  said he wants them to denuclearize.  progress is being made. “presidential proclamation commemorating the 50th anniversary of the vietnam war” ➡️ ➡️…  this wonderful veterans day, i want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire american nation to our gre…  behalf of an entire nation, happy 242nd birthday to the men and women of the united states marines! #usmc242…  united states has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely related to…  united states is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial co…  i am here to offer a renewed partnership with america -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendsh…  more and more places throughout this region, citizens of sovereign and independent nations have taken greater co…  my travels, i've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from america.  i've had the honor of sharing o…  landed in da nang, vietnam to deliver a speech at #apec2017i am leaving china for #apec2017 in vietnam.  @flotus melania is staying behind to see the zoo, and of course, the g…  meetings with president xi jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of north korea.  he is a hi…  don’t blame china, i blame the incompetence of past admins for allowing china to take advantage of the u. s.  on tr…  the coming months and years ahead i look forward to building an even stronger relationship between the united st…  xi, thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony.  it was a truly memorable and impressive display!  📸…  to all of the ”deplorables” and the millions of people who gave us a massive 304-227 electoral co…  forward to a full day of meetings with president xi and our delegations tomorrow.  thank you for the beautif…  has interpreted america's past restraint as weakness.  this would be a fatal miscalculation.  do not underestima…  behalf of @flotus melania and i, thank you for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the forbidden city in b…  south korea now heading to china.  looking very much forward to meeting and being with president xi! together, we dream of a korea that is free, a peninsula that is safe, and families that are reunited once again!   who doubts the strength or determination of the u. s.  should look to our past. and you will doubt it no lon…  north korean regime has pursued its nuclear & ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance, agreem…  u. s. , under my administration, is completely rebuilding its military, and they're spending hundreds of billions…  me live in south korea🇺🇸🇰🇷#nationalassembly #potusinasia ➡️  gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what i stand for.  don’t forget, republicans won 4 out of 4 house…  ready to make a major speech to the national assembly here in south korea, then will be headed to china whe…  you to all americans who participated in nat'l rx drug take back day.  a record amount of drugs collected & disposed.  we can do this! franklin, such a great photo.  happy 99th birthday to your father, @billygraham!   will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of va.  ms-13 and crime will be gone.  vote today, asap! . and has been horrible on virginia economy.  vote @edwgillespie today! ralph northam will allow crime to be r in virginia.  he’s weak on crime, weak on our great vets, anti-second amendment. . is making.  working very hard on tax cuts for the middle class, companies and jobs! stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday.  there is great confidence in the moves that my administration. thank you to president moon of south korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony.  it will always be remembered.   was my great honor to have lunch with our incredible u. s.  and rok troops at camp humphreys, in south korea.  🇺🇸🇰🇷…  @abeshinzo: トランプ大統領による、初の、歴史的な日本訪問は、間違いなく、日米同盟の揺るぎない絆を世界に示すことができました。本当にありがとう、ドナルド。そして、アジア歴訪の大成功をお祈りしています。@realdonaldtrump  of those they are harshly treating have been “milking” their country for years! i have great confidence in king salman and the crown prince of saudi arabia, they know exactly what they are doing. getting ready to leave for south korea and meetings with president moon, a fine gentleman.  we will figure it all out! my visit to japan and friendship with pm abe will yield many benefits, for our great country.  massive military & energy orders happening+++! the state of virginia economy, under democrat rule, has been terrible.  if you vote ed gillespie tomorrow, it will come roaring back! #usa🇺🇸 #japan🇯🇵  do what we do best: we pull together.  we join hands.  we lock arms and through the tears and the sadnes…  god be w/ the people of sutherland springs, texas.  the fbi & law enforcement are on the scene.  i am monitoring the situation from japan. heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy.   was a true honor to be at yokota air base with our great @usforcesjapan!   golf with prime minister abe and hideki matsuyama, two wonderful people!   gave a speech to the great men and women at yokota air base in tokyo, japan.  leaving to see prime minister abe.   am landing shortly.  can’t wait to be with our great military.  see you soon!   very much appreciate saudi arabia doing their ipo of aramco with the new york stock exchange.  important to the united states! unemployment is down to 4. 1%, lowest in 17 years.  1. 5 million new jobs created since i took office.  highest stock market ever, up $5. 4 trillrt @ivankatrump: touched by the warm hospitality of prime minister abe and the japanese people.  ありがとうございます [thank you]!  until next time 🇯🇵…thank you to our great military/veterans and @pacificcommand. remember #pearlharbor.  remember the @ussarizona! a…  you for such a beautiful welcome hawaii.  my great honor to visit @pacificcommand upon arrival.  heading to pea…  ready to land in hawaii.  looking so much forward to meeting with our great military/veterans at pearl harbor! the decision on sergeant bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our country and to our military. jobs, jobs, jobs!   rigged dem primary, one of the biggest political stories in years, got zero coverage on fake news network tv last night.  disgraceful! just took off for ceremony @ pearl harbor.  will then be heading to japan, skorea, china, vietnam & the philippines.  will never let you down! i always felt i would be running and winning against bernie sanders, not crooked h, without cheating, i was right. bernie sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the dem primary by crooked hillary! based on that, the military has hit isis much harder over the last two days.  they will pay a big price for every attack on us! isis just claimed the degenerate animal who killed, and so badly wounded, the wonderful people on the west side, was their soldier.  . . pocahontas just stated that the democrats, lead by the legendary crooked hillary clinton, rigged the primaries!  lets go fbi & justice dept. the real story on collusion is in donna b's new book.  crooked hillary bought the dnc & then stole the democratic primary from crazy bernie! . people are angry.   at some point the justice department, and the fbi, must do what is right and proper.  the american public deserves it! new donna b book says she paid for and stole the dem primary.  what about the deleted e-mails, uranium, podesta, the server, plus, pluseverybody is asking why the justice department and fbi isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with crooked hillary & the dems. . my twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee.  i guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact. i will be interviewed by @ingrahamangle on @foxnews at 10:00.  enjoy! the @tuckercarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great fbi was so sad to watch.  james comey's leadership was a disaster! . this is real collusion and dishonesty.  major violation of c finance laws and money laundering - where is our justice department? donna brazile just stated the dnc rigged the system to illegally steal the primary from bernie sanders.  bought and paid for by crooked h. great tax cut rollout today.  the lobbyists are storming capital hill, but the republicans will hold strong and do what is right for america! today, it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of jerome powell to be the next chairman of the…  move to america=$20 billion of annual rev into u. s. a. , $3+ billion/yr.  in research/engineering & $6 bill…  we are thrilled to welcome @broadcom ceo hock tan to the wh to announce he is moving their hq’s from singapo…  must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is security based!  we need to make america safe…  am calling on congress to terminate the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities…  to the houston @astros, 2017 #worldseries ch #earnhistory  is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed.  should move fast.  death penalty! would love to send the nyc terrorist to guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the federal systemnyc terrorist was happy as he asked to hang isis flag in his hospital room.  he killed 8 people, badly injured 12.  should get death penalty! great mtg w/ @cabinet today.  tomorrow, i will be announcing the new head of the fed.  i think you will be extremely…  birthday to @garyplayer, a truly great ch and person! it is finally happening for our great clean coal miners!   united states will be immediately implementing much tougher extreme vetting procedures.  the safety of our citizens comes first! just spoke to president macri of argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the west side terror attack.  god be with them! chain migration must end now!  some people come in, and they bring their whole family with them, who can be truly ev…  @senategop and appeals court judges at a record clip!  our courts are rapidly changing for the better! thanks to @senatemajldr mcconnell and the @senategop we are appointing high-quality federal districtthank you to the great nypd, first responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible west side atta…  @nycmayor fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the west side attack.  #nycstrongjust spoke with @nygovcuomo and @nycmayor de blasio to let them know that the federal governmentwe mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in nyc.  all of america is praying and grieving for the families who lost t…  the middle class.  the house and senate should consider asap as the process of final approval moves along.  push biggest tax cuts everwouldn't it be great to repeal the very unfair and unpopular individual mandate in obamacare and use those savings for further tax cuts. . #nycstrong #usa🇺🇸  chuck schumer helping to import europes problems said col. tony shaffer.  we will stop this craziness!   @foxandfriendswe are fighting hard for merit based immigration, no more democrat lottery systems.  we must get much tougher and smarter.   @foxandfriendsthe terrorist came into our country through what is called the diversity visa lottery program, a chuck schumer beauty.  i want merit based. i have just ordered homeland security to step up our already extreme vetting program.  being politically correct is fine, but not for this! the republican house members are working hard and late toward the massive tax cuts that they know you deserve.  these will be biggest ever! my thoughts, condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the new york city terrorist attack.  god and your country are with you! we must not allow isis to return, or enter, our country after defeating them in the middle east and elsewhere.  enough! in nyc, looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person.  law enforcement is following this closely.  not in the u. s. a. ! u. s.  coal productionup📈7. 8% past year.  down📉31. 5% last 10 years.  #endingwaroncoal  prices reach new all-time highs in august” read more:   confidence hits highest level since december 2000 read more:   @ivankatrump: we're working to make tax cuts & the expanded child tax credit a reality for american families.  the time is now!  #taxrefor…wishing everyone a safe and happy halloween! #halloween2017  you @luisriveramarin!   by president trump on the apprehension of mustafa al-imam for his alleged role in benghazi attacks”  shattering.  he and his brother could drain the sw which would be yet another c promise fulfilled.  fake news weak! the biggest story yesterday, the one that has the dems in a dither, is podesta running from his firm.  what he know about crooked dems is. i hope people will start to focus on our massive tax cuts for business jobs and the middle class in addition to democrat corruption! . came to the c few people knew the young, low level volunteer named george, who has already proven to be a liar.  check the dems! the fake news is working overtime.  as paul manaforts lawyer said, there was no collusion and events mentioned took place long before he. also, there is no collusion! sorry, but this is years ago, before paul manafort was part of the trump c but why aren't crooked hillary & the dems the focus? ? ? ? ? great job by michaelcaputo on @foxandfriends. report out that obama c paid $972,000 to fusion gps.  the firm also got $12,400,000 really?  from dnc.  nobody knows who ok'd! all of this russia talk right when the republicans are making their big push for historic tax cuts & reform.  is this coincidental?  not! are now fighting back like never before.  there is so much guilt by democrats/clinton, and now the facts are pouring out.  do something! collusion, which doesn't exist.  the dems are using this terrible and bad for our country witch hunt for evil politics, but the r'sthe uranium to russia deal, the  33,000 plus deleted emails, the comey fix and so much more.  instead they look at phony trump/russia,. never seen such republican anger & unity as i have concerning the lack of investigation on clinton made fake dossier now $12,000,000? ,. as usual, the obamacare premiums will be up the dems own it, but we will repeal & replace and have great healthcare soon after tax cuts! jfk files are released, long ahead of schedule! while not at all presidential i must point out that the sloppy michael moore show on broadway was a total bomb and was forced to close.  sad! happy #firstrespondersday to all of our heroes out there.  we are forever grateful to you for your service, sacrific…  order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest. addresses of any mentioned person who is still living.  i am doing this for reasons of full disclosure, transparency andafter strict consultation with general kelly, the cia and other agencies, i will be releasing all #jfkfiles other than the names andtoday is national prescription drug take back day.  everyone can help fight the #opioidepidemic by participating! …  read the nice remarks by president jimmy carter about me and how badly i am treated by the press fake news.  thank you mr.  president! very little reporting about the great gdp numbers announced yesterday 3. 0 despite the big hurricane hits.  best consecutive q's in years! “what happened”“how team hillary played the press for fools on russia”➡️now we know!    birthday @theleegreenwood! #flashbackfriday  are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the fed will be. 🎥 chris wallace: “more evidence of dem collusion with russia than gop”  are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through lea…  black of tennessee, the highly respected house budget committee chairwoman, did a great job in passing budget, setting up big tax cutsthank you @flgovscott.   is now commonly agreed, after many months of costly looking, that there was no collusion between russia and trump.  was collusion with hc! happy birthday to the great @theleegreenwood.  you and your beautiful song have made such a difference.  make america great again! jfk files are being carefully released.  in the end there will be great transparency.  it is my hope to get just about everything to public! good luck to @joy_villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics.  she has many fans! congratulations to @speakerryan, @gopleader, @stevescalise and to the republican party on budget passage yesterday.  now for biggest tax cutsthank you @foxandfriends.  really great job and show! wacky & totally unhinged tom steyer, who has been fighting me and my make america great again agenda from beginning, never wins elections! working together, we will defeat this #opioidepidemic & free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse. …  today, my administration officially declared the #opioidcrisis a national public health emergency under f…  news - budget just passed! do not underestimate the unity within the republican party! ed gillespie will be a great governor of virginia.  his opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work, and will be very weak on crime! ed gillespie will turn the really bad virginia economy #'s around, and fast.  strong on crime, he might even save our great statues/heritage! rt @seanhannity: boom! !   tick tock  be another sean success!   @pchowka: fox news with hannity's help regains its ratings dominance by peter barry chowka at the hagmann report  we will make america great again! #americafirst🇺🇸  will be the biggest tax cut in the history of our country - and we need it!  #taxreform read more:…  @ivankatrump: working families need #taxreform & the time is now.  this administration is committed to ensuring all americans can thrive…interview with @loudobbs coming up at 7pme on @foxbusiness.  enjoy!   @govabbott & lt.  gov.  @danpatrick,thank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in tx.  k…  long anticipated release of the #jfkfiles will take place tomorrow.  so interesting! melania and i look forward to being with president xi & madame peng liyuan in china in two weeks for what will hope…  to president xi of china to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation.  also discussed noko & trade, two very important subjects! just interviewed by @loudobbs.  will be aired tonight at 7pme on @foxbusiness.  #dobbscongrats to @reince priebus, a really good and talented man.  we’re proud of you reince!   america great again!   flake, with an 18% approval rating in arizona, said a lot of my colleagues have spoken out.  really, they just gave me a standing o! working hard on the biggest tax cut in u. s.  history.  great support from so many sides.  big winners will be the middle class, business & jobsthe meeting with republican senators yesterday, outside of flake and corker, was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for usa! the reason flake and corker dropped out of the senate race is very simple, they had zero chance of being elected.  now act so hurt & wounded! clinton c & dnc paid for research that led to the anti-trump fake news dossier.  the victim here is the president.  @foxnewsso nice being with republican senators today.  multiple standing ovations!  most are great people who want big tax cuts and success for u. s. “president donald j.  trump proclaims october 24, 2017, as united nations day” read more:   market just hit another record high!  jobs looking very good. the entire world was laughing and taking advantage of us.  people like liddle' bob corker have set the u. s.  way back.  now we move forward! sen.  corker is the incompetent head of the foreign relations committee, & look how poorly the u. s.  has done.  he doesn't have a clue as. . isn't it sad that lightweight senator bob corker, who couldn't get re-elected in the great state of tennessee, will now fight tax cuts plus! corker dropped out of the race in tennesse when i refused to endorse him, and now is only negative on anything trump.  look at his record! bob corker, who helped president o give us the bad iran deal & couldn't get elected dog catcher in tennessee, is now fighting tax cuts. we will never forget the 241 american service members killed by hizballah in beirut.  they died in service to our na…  had a very respectful conversation with the widow of sgt.  la david johnson, and spoke his name from beginning, without hesitation! two dozen nfl players continue to kneel during the national anthem, showing total disrespect to our flag & country.   no leadership in nfl! there will be no change to your 401k.  this has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works, and it stays! it is finally sinking through.  46% of people believe major national news orgs fabricate stories about me.  fake news, even worse!  lost cred. wacky congresswoman wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the republican party, a disaster for dems.  you watch her in action & vote r! doing interview today with maria bartiromo at 10:00 a. m.  on @foxnews - enjoy! 2nd amendment, strong military, isis, historic va improvement, supreme court justice, record stock market, lowest unemployment in 17 yrs! 9 months than this administration.  over 50 legislation approvals, massive regulation cuts, energy freedom, pipelines, border security. i agree getting tax cuts approved  is important we will also get healthcare, but perhaps no administration has done more in its first. . just out, but lightly reported: fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm u. s.  job market lowest since march 1973.  @bpoliticscrooked hillary clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on presidential election than i did.  facebook was on her side, not mine! keep hearing about tiny amount of money spent on facebook ads.  what about the billions of dollars of fake news on cnn, abc, nbc & cbs? officials behind the now discredited dossier plead the fifth.  justice department and/or fbi should immediately release who paid for it. “trump hails liberation of raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-isis c  market hits another all time high on friday.  5. 3 trillion dollars up since election.  fake news doesn't spent much time on this! people get what is going on!   @iamvicky4trump: tune in: maria bartiromo has an exclusive interview with president trump  to the receipt of further information, i will be allowing, as president, the long blocked and classified jfk files to be opened. i hope the fake news media keeps talking about wacky congresswoman wilson in that she, as a representative, is killing the democrat party! budget that just passed is a really big deal, especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in u. s.  history - msm barely covered! great book just out, a place called heaven, by dr.  robert jeffress - a wonderful man! this is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the american people!  join me today:…  it was an honor to have @unsecretary-general @antonioguterres at the @whitehouse.  speaking for the u. s. a. ,…  you @geraldorivera @foxandfriends.  agree!   out report: united kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of radical islamic terror.  not good, we must keep america safe! . this now allows for the passage of large scale tax cuts and reform, which will be the biggest in the history of our country! the budget passed late last night, 51 to 49.  we got zero democrat votes with only rand paul he will vote for tax cuts voting against. . great news on the 2018 budget @senatemajldr mcconnell - first step toward delivering massive tax cuts for the ameri…  ratings getter @seanhannity and apprentice ch john rich are right now going on stage in las vegas for #vegasstrong.  great show! the fake news is going crazy with wacky congresswoman wilsond, who was secretly on a very personal call, and gave a total lie on content! keep up the great work.  i am with you 100%! isis is losing its griparmy colonel ryan dilloncjtf–oir…  was great to have governor @ricardorossello of #puertorico🇵🇷with us at the @whitehouse today.  we are with you! …  @usarmy333: @804streetmedia @realdonaldtrump he’s done more in 9 months then obama did in8 yrs. @foxandfriends russia sent millions to clinton foundationworkers of firm involved with the discredited and fake dossier take the 5th.  who paid for it, russia, the fbi or the dems or all? uranium deal to russia, with clinton help and obama administration knowledge, is the biggest story that fake media doesn't want to follow! republicans are going for the big budget approval today, first step toward massive tax cuts.  i think we have the votes, but who knows? 46% of americans think the media is inventing stories about trump & his administration.  @foxnews   it is actually much worse than this! . @danaperino & @bradthor,thank you so much for the wonderful compliment.  working hard!  #maga  23,000📈this yearfour one thousand milestones this year #dow23k #maga  is what real pride in our country is all about!  #usa🇺🇸  too much talk, not enough action.  stand for the national anthem. iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal, while it brazenly violates the other l…  was an honor to welcome republican and democratic members of the senate finance committee to the @whitehouse tod…  hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in california.  god bless our brave first responders and @fema tea…  current tax code is a burden on american taxpayers & harmful to job-creators.  americans need #taxreform!  more:…  am supportive of lamar as a person & also of the process, but i can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ o'care. democrat congresswoman totally fabricated what i said to the wife of a soldier who died in action and i have proof.  sad! the nfl has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our national anthem.  total disrespect for our great country! as it has turned out, james comey lied and leaked and totally protected hillary clinton.  he was the best thing that ever happened to her! the democrats will only vote for tax increases.  hopefully, all senate republicans will vote for the largest tax cuts in u. s.  history. people not interviewed, including clinton herself.  comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix?  where is justice dept? wow, fbi confirms report that james comey drafted letter exonerating  crooked hillary clinton long before investigation was complete.  many. . the most important truth our founders understood was: freedom is not a gift from govt.  freedom is a gift from god. …  you @heritage!  this is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy, revive our industry &   wall prototypes underway!   increase in obamacare premiums is the fault of the democrats for giving us a product that never had a chance of working. so much fake news being put in dying magazines and newspapers.  only place worse may be @nbcnews, @cbsnews, @abc and @cnn.  fiction writers! it was my great honor to welcome prime minister alexis tsipras of greece to the wh today!  🎥  me live from the rose garden at 1:30pme with prime minister alexis tsipras of greece.  ➡️  passes 23,000 for the first time, fueled by strong earnings#dow23k📈  marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar.  tom is a fine man and a great congressman! rt @scavino45: u. s.  markets from election day {since 11/8/2016} 📈  great to see the wonderful people of south carolina.  thank you for the beautiful welcome at greenville-spart…  was recently asked if crooked hillary clinton is going to run in 2020?  my answer was, i hope so! the u. s.  has gained more than 5. 2 trillion dollars in stock market value since election day!  also, record business enthusiasm. since election day on november 8, the stock market is up more than 25%, unemployment is at a 17 year low & companies are coming back to u. s. dem senator schumer hated the iran deal made by president obama, but now that i am involved, he is ok with it.  tell that to israel, chuck! the democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct.  that's all they are good at! art laffer just said that he doesn't know how a democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!   @foxnewsrt @abcnewsradio: global fund ch by ivanka trump to help women entrepreneurs begins operations   @mike_pence: . @edwgillespie is fighting to grow the economy & cut taxes!  he’s fighting for a safer va.  and he’s is fighting for affordab…approvals of the keystone xl & dakota access pipelines.  also, look at the recent epa cancelations & our great new supreme court justice! the failing @nytimes, in a story by peter baker, should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of tpp & the paris accord & the fast. rt @foxnews: tonight on justice, @judgejeanine talks to special guests @erictrump and @laraleatrump - tune in at 9p et on fox news channe…rt @erictrump: . @laraleatrump and i look forward to being on @judgejeanine tonight at 9pm!  @foxnews #makeamericagreatagain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  @mike_pence: we are heading to virginia.  looking forward to supporting my friend @edwgillespie.  he will make a great governor for the co…the democrats in the southwest part of virginia have been abandoned by their party.  republican ed gillespie will never let you down! very proud of my executive order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for healthcare.  millions of people benefit! health insurance stocks, which have gone through the roof during the obamacare years, plunged yesterday after i ended their dems windfall! rt @realdonaldtrump: consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004📈  @rightlynews: @realdonaldtrump @loudobbs trust in the media is at the lowest level in all of u. s.  history.  the american people see throu…rt @rightlynews: @realdonaldtrump @loudobbs it is not a coincidence that the economy boomed immediately after the 2016 election. such a wonderful statement from the great @loudobbs.  we take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern american history. obamacare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many.  it is being dismantled but in the meantime, premiums & deductibles are way up! money pouring into insurance companies profits, under the guise of obamacare, is over.  they have made a fortune. dems must get smart & deal! many people talking, with much agreement, on my iran speech today.  participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with iran! starting to develop a much better relationship with pakistan and its leaders.  i want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts. #weeklyaddress🇺🇸  i announced our strategy to confront the iranian regime’s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acqu…  confidence soars to highest level since 2004📈  america, we don't worship government - we worship god.  #valuesvoterssummit  have no greater privilege than to serve as your commander-in-chief.  happy birthday to the incredible men and wome…  wonderful people of puerto rico, with their unmatched spirit, know how bad things were before the h's.  i will always be with them! hard to believe that the democrats, who have gone so far left that they are no longer recognizable, are fighting so hard for sanctuary crimeobamacare is a broken mess.  piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving america the great healthcare it deserves! sadly, they and others are fake news, and the public is just beginning to figure it out!   @billoreilly: a free press is vital to protecting all americans.  a corrupt press damages the republic. the democrats obamacare is imploding.  massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped.  dems should call me to fix! it is time to take care of our country, to rebuild our communities, and to protect our great american workers! …  are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting fakenews @nbcnews is.  viewers beware.  may be worse than even @cnn! happy #nationalfarmersday! 📸  need a tax system that is fair to working families & that encourages companies to stay in america, grow in ameri…  time has come to take action to improve access, increase choices, and lower costs for healthcare!  ➡️…  fake news is going all out in order to demean and denigrate!  such hatred! we cannot keep fema, the military & the first responders, who have been amazing under the most difficult circumstances in p. r.  forever! accountability say the governor.  electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes.  congress to decide how much to spend. puerto rico survived the hurricanes, now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making.  says sharyl attkisson.  a total lack of. . clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now.  have a great day! rt @realdonaldtrump: i will be interviewed tonight on @foxnews by @seanhannity at 9pme.  enjoy! in even the darkest moments, the light of our people has shown through their goodness, their courage and their love…  news has become so partisan, distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and, if appropriate, revoked.  not fair to public! joining @seanhannity tonight at 9pme on @foxnews.  enjoy!   need a tax system that is fair to working families & that encourages companies to stay in america, grow in ameri…  will be interviewed tonight on @foxnews by @seanhannity at 9pme.  enjoy! join me live at 5:45pme from harrisburg, pennsylvania!  #taxreform #usa🇺🇸  to announce we are awarding $1m to las vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working ot to respond to last sunday’s tragedy. with all of the fake news coming out of nbc and the networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their license?  bad for country! fake @nbcnews made up a story that i wanted a tenfold increase in our u. s.  nuclear arsenal.  pure fiction, made up to demean.  nbc = cnn! it is about time that roger goodell of the nfl is finally demanding that all players stand for our great national anthem-respect our countrythe democrats want massive tax increases & soft, crime producing borders. the republicans want the biggest tax cut in history & the wall! it would be really nice if the fake news media would report the virtually unprecedented stock market growth since the election. need tax cutsif congress gives us the massive tax cuts and reform i am asking for, those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds.  #magastock market has increased by 5. 2 trillion dollars since the election on november 8th, a 25% increase.  lowest unemployment in 16 years and. . fired.  this story is totally made up by the dishonest media. the chief is doing a fantastic job for me and, more importantly, for the usa! the fake news is at it again, this time trying to hurt one of the finest people i know, general john kelly, by saying he will soon be. . my great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #stanleycup ch pittsburgh penguins at the wh with @flotus today! …  @israelusaforevr: @realdonaldtrump   failing @nytimes set liddle' bob corker up by recording his conversation.  was made to sound a fool, and that's what i am dealing with! highly respected author, christopher bedford, just came out with book, the art of the donald, lessons from america's.  really good book! with jemele hill at the mike, it is no wonder espn ratings have tanked, in fact, tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry! since congress can't get its act together on healthcare, i will be using the power of the pen to give great healthcare to many people - fastthe problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the democrats don't want secure borders,they don't care about safety for u. s. a. why is the nfl getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our anthem, flag and country?  change tax law! rt @ivankatrump: . @realdonaldtrump stock market rally is close to becoming the greatest in 85 years  big salute to jerry jones, owner of the dallas cowboys, who will bench players who disrespect our flag. stand for anthem or sit for game! president donald j.  trump proclaims october 9, 2017, as #columbusday  trip by @vp pence was long planned.  he is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country! our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with north korea for 25 years, giving billions of dollars & getting nothing.  policy didn't work! the republican party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by trump supporters. .    @nypost  thank you! nobody could have done what i’ve done for #puertorico with so little appreciation.  so much work!   corker gave us the iran deal, & that's about it.  we need healthcare, we need tax cuts/reform, we need people that can get the job done! rt @opinionsamerica: @realdonaldtrump strong administration leads to a strong response. fema and first responders are working hard yet again on hurricane nate.  military helping.  very much under control! i asked @vp pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country.  i am proud of him and @secondlady karen. hence, i would fully expect corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda.  didn't have the guts to run! . . my endorsement.  he also wanted to be secretary of state, i said no thanks.  he is also largely responsible for the horrendous iran deal! senator bob corker begged me to endorse him for re-election in tennessee.  i said no and he dropped out said he could not win without#lasvegasstrong #usa🇺🇸🎥 @realdonaldtrump: more and more people are suggesting that republicans and me should be given equal time on t. v.  when you look at the…leaving the white house for the great state of north carolina.  big progress being made on many fronts! thanks for your support!   worked, agreements violated before the ink was dry, makings fools of u. s.  negotiators.  sorry, but only one thing will work! presidents and their administrations have been talking to north korea for 25 years, agreements made and massive amounts of money paidwill be joining @govmikehuckabee tonight at 8pme on @tbn.  enjoy!   great team at @fema is prepared for #hurricanenate.  everyone in la, ms, al, and fl please listen to your local authorities & be safe! . @nbcnews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting.  the good news is that the people get it, which is really all that matters!  not #1i called chuck schumer yesterday to see if the dems want to do a great healthcare bill.  obamacare is badly broken, big premiums.  who knows! more and more people are suggesting that republicans and me should be given equal time on t. v.  when you look at the one-sided coverage? late night host are dealing with the democrats for their very unfunny & repetitive material, always anti-trump!  should we get equal time? contributions.  the rnc is taking in far more $'s than the dems, and much of it by my wonderful small donors.  i am working hard for them! can't believe i finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost.  it discusses the enthusiasm of trump voters through c @foxbusiness: #stockalert: u. s.  markets since the election  @scavino45: . @potus @realdonaldtrump in the oval office w/senior u. s.  military leaders prior to dinner hosted by the president & first l…ralph northam,who is running for governor of virginia,is fighting for the violent ms-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities.   vote ed gillespie! rex tillerson never threatened to resign.  this is fake news put out by @nbcnews.  low news and reporting standards.  no verification from me. stock market hits an all-time high!  unemployment lowest in 16 years!  business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades! why isn't the senate intel committee looking into the fake news networks in our country to see why so much of our news is just made up-fake! thank you!   wonderful to be in las vegas yesterday and meet with people, from police to doctors to the victims themselves, who i will never forget! rt @abc: pres.  trump: we cannot be defined by the evil that threatens us or the violence that incites such terror.   @scavino45: . @potus & @flotus w/ @lvmpd officer cook, 2nd day on job, received gunshot wound to the right chest & right arm, saving live…rt @scavino45: . @potus @realdonaldtrump and @flotus melania visit with @umcsn patient tiffany huizarin las vegas earlier today.  #vegasstron…rt @foxnews: geraldo blasts 'fake news' reports about trump's visit to puerto rico  behalf of a grateful nation, thank you to all of the first responders heroes who saved countless lives in las…  love you las vegas!   will be landing in las vegas shortly to pay my respects with @flotus melania.  everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers. the @nbcnews story has just been totally refuted by sec.  tillerson and @vp pence.  it is #fakenews.  they should issue an apology to america! nbc news is #fakenews and more dishonest than even cnn.  they are a disgrace to good reporting.  no wonder their news ratings are way down! wow, so many fake news stories today.  no matter what i do or say, they will not write or speak truth.  the fake news media is out of control! a great day in puerto rico yesterday.  while some of the news coverage is fake, most showed great warmth and friendship. my administration will continue to work around the clock with governor @ricardorossello & his team.  great progress…  @presssec: . @potus and @flotus meet w/ some of america's finest on the uss kearsarge off the coast of pr.   @seanhannity: tonight the truth about how despicable the media and the left are in america today.  we will name names.  9 est hannity fox…rt @ivankatrump: 3/4: this administration is deeply committed to those who serve & their families who make it possible through their love a…rt @billoreilly: fnc dominated ratings last night.  msnbc-disaster demonstrating folks don't trust the network.   toni…rt @jenniffer2012: thank you @realdonaldtrump for all the help you are providing for puerto rico.  we’re are grateful and happy to welcome y…it is a miracle how fast the las vegas metropolitan police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing! so proud of @fema, military, and first responders!  thank you!   meeting with governor mapp of the #usvi.  he is very thankful for the great job done by @fema and first respon…  puerto rico now for d. c.  will be in las vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects.  everyone is in my thoughts…  am so proud of our great country.  god bless america! my warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible las vegas shooting.  god bless you! congratulations to #teamusa🇺🇸🏆on your great @presidentscup victory!   nice to rocket man hasn't worked in 25 years, why would it work now?  clinton failed, bush failed, and obama failed.  i won't fail. save your energy rex, we'll do what has to be done! i told rex tillerson, our wonderful secretary of state, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with little rocket manfor safety.  thank you to the governor of p. r.  and to all of those who are working so closely with our first responders.  fantastic job! people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by fema and our great military.  all buildings now inspected. . we have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in puerto rico.  outside of the fake news or politically motivated ingrates,19,000 respecting our national anthem!  #standforouranthem🇺🇸  analyzing the alabama primary race,fake news always fails to mention that the candidate i endorsed went up many points after endorsement! because of #fakenews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job.  as seen here, they ar…  important that nfl players stand tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our national anthem.  respect our flag and our country! i will be in pr on tues.  to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist & support the people in their time of great need. results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by san juan mayor.  doing everything we can to help great people of pr! we must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in puerto rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster. @ricardorossello #fakenews critics are working overtime, but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter!  #prstrong🇵🇷my administration, governor @ricardorossello, and many others are working together to help the people of puerto rico in every wayto the people of puerto rico:do not believe the #fakenews! #prstrong🇵🇷congresswoman jennifer gonzalez-colon of puerto rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people.  thank you! just spoke to governor kenneth mapp of the u. s.  virgin islands who stated that #fema and military are doing a great job!  thank you governor! the governor of puerto rico, ricardo rossello, is a great guy and leader who is really working hard.  thank you ricky! despite the fake news media in conjunction with the dems, an amazing job is being done in puerto rico.  great people! the fake news networks are working overtime in puerto rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first r's.  shame! i will be going to puerto rico on tuesday with melania.  will hopefully be able to stop at the u. s.  virgin islands people working hard. fake news cnn and nbc are going out of their way to disparage our great first responders as a way to get trump.  not fair to fr or effort! rt @flotus: thank you to all who participated in today's discussion on opioid abuse.  by talking about it, we can start to make a real diffe…rt @deptofdefense: video: elements of the #dod and @fema are providing humanitarian relief for #puertorico 🇵🇷  and #usvi 🇻🇮 .   @usairforce: ⚡️ “#airforce relief efforts in #puertorico & #virginislands” @uscgsoutheast: . @uscg crews worked together with the @redcross, @fema, and members of local #police, #fire and #government to distribut…the military and first responders, despite no electric, roads, phones etc. , have done an amazing job.  puerto rico was totally destroyed. want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort.  10,000 federal workers now on island doing a fantastic job. such poor leadership ability by the mayor of san juan, and others in puerto rico, who are not able to get their workers to help.  they. the mayor of san juan, who was very complimentary only a few days ago, has now been told by the democrats that you must be nasty to trump. rt @scavino45: #usnscomfort en route to #puertorico, from norfolk, virginia to support hurricane maria relief efforts.  🇺🇸🇵🇷  @scavino45: under potus' @realdonaldtrump ☑️s& 500 38th📈record high ☑️nasdaq 44th📈record high☑️#makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸  @scavino45: manufacturer optimism hits record high after #taxreform plan revealed  @scavino45: potus' @realdonaldtrump on hurricane response efforts in #puertorico on instagram, part of 9/29/17 weekly address. 🎥 @erictrump: congratulations @seanhannity!  looking forward to being on the show tonight at 9pmet  hannity beats maddow - politico  @foxnews: tune in: @erictrump joins @seanhannity tonight at 9p et on @foxnews channel!  #hannityat9  @loudobbs: #americafirst- @kellyannepolls: the middle class & businesses will benefit from @potus' historic tax revolution.  #dobbs #maga…@impdnews @potus thank you to the amazing indianapolis metropolitan police department and all law enforcement offic…  me for my #weeklyaddress🇺🇸  thoughts are with all those observing yom kippur, the holiest day of the jewish year.   you @shopfloornam.  an honor to be with you today.  great news!  manufacturers report record-high economic optim…  week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation’s classrooms wit…  high for s & p 500! thank you to fema, our great military & all first responders who are working so hard,against terrible odds,in puerto rico.  see you tuesday! the fact is that puerto rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes.  big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding! puerto rico governor ricardo rossello just stated: the administration and the president, every time we've spoken, they've deliveredgdp was revised upward to 3. 1 for last quarter.  many people thought it would be years before that happened.  we have just begun! rt @gopchairwoman: the trump inaugural committee is donating $3 million in surplus funds to victims of the latest hurricanes.   rico is devastated.  phone system, electric grid many roads, gone.  fema and first responders are amazing.  governor said great job! rt @billoreilly: hannity crushing msnbc at 9.  good for him!  check the no spin news on  killing england a huge bests…rt @ivankatrump: thank you to the amazing men and women working tirelessly to bring relief to those in need.  #puertorico #hurricanemaria ht…really hard to help but many have lost their homes.  military is now on site and i will be there tuesday.  wish press would treat fairly! fema & first responders are doing a great job in puerto rico.  massive food & water delivered.  docks & electric grid dead.  locals trying. welcome back @stevescalise! #teamscalise  electric power grid in puerto rico is totally shot.  large numbers of generators are now on island.  food and water on site. democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections?  great reviews for tax cut and reform bill. it is time to take care of our people, to rebuild our nation, and to fight for our great american workers! …  is the right tax cut @ the right time.  we will all succeed & grow together – as one team, one people, & one am…  arrived in indianapolis, indiana to make an announcement on #taxreform!  together, we are going to make america…  the people were pro-trump!  virtually no president has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaringfacebook was always anti-trump. the networks were always anti-trump hence,fake news, @nytimesapologized & @wapo were anti-trump.  collusion? we will have the votes for healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of friday, after which we need 60.  get rid of filibuster rule! with one yes vote in hospital & very positive signs from alaska and two others mccain is out, we have the hcare vote, but not for friday! spoke to jerry jones of the dallas cowboys yesterday.  jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done.  players will stand for country! spoke to roy moore of alabama last night for the first time.  sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race.  he will help to #maga! congratulations to roy moore on his republican primary win in alabama.  luther strange started way back & ran a good race.  roy, win in dec! even usain bolt from jamaica, one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time, showed respect for our national…  years ago today, the national security council met for the first time.  great history of advising presidents-then & now!  thanks nsc staff! thank you to our wonderful team @usun and their families.  keep up the great work!  #usa🇺🇸  was an honor to welcome president @marianorajoy of spain.  thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate…  want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in spain last…  hearts & prayers are with the people of #puertorico & the #usvi.  we will get through this - and we will g…  over to the @un to meet with ambassador @nikkihaley and all of her great representatives!  #usa🇺🇸rt @ricardorossello: briefed @potus @realdonaldtrump in #situationroom and thanked him for his leadership, quick response & commitment to o…honored to welcome republican and democrat members of the house ways and means committee to the white house today! …  nfl has all sorts of rules and regulations.  the only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our national anthem! thank you to carmen yulin cruz, the mayor of san juan, for your kind words on fema etc. we are working hard.  much food and water there/on waygreat interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of otto warmbier: 1994 - 2017.  otto was tortured beyond belief by north korea. but while dallas dropped to its knees as a team, they all stood up for our national anthem.  big progress being made-we all love our country! the booing at the nfl football game last night, when the entire dallas team dropped to its knees, was loudest i have ever heard.  great angerratings for nfl football are way down except before game starts, when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected! a few of the many clips of john mccain talking about repealing & replacing o'care.  my oh my has he changed-complete…  to wall street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with.  food, water and medical are top priorities - and doing well.  #femait's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated.  much of the island was destroyed, with billions of dollars. texas & florida are doing great but puerto rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt, is in deep trouble. . tremendous backlash against the nfl and its players for disrespect of our country. #standforouranthem🇺🇸general john kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on nfl players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our flag or great country! . @cnn is #fakenews.  just reported cos john kelly was opposed to my stance on nfl players disrespecting flag, anthem, country.  total lie! rt @jaymaga45: nflplayer pattillman joined u. s.  army in 2002.  he was killed in action 2004.  he fought 4our country/freedom.  #standforourant…#standforouranthemthe white house never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night.  important meetings taking place today.  big tax cuts & reform. the issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race.  it is about respect for our country, flag and national anthem.  nfl must respect this! many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday which was a small percentage of total.  these are fans who demand respect for our flag! so proud of nascar and its supporters and fans.  they won't put up with disrespecting our country or our flag - they said it loud and clear! making america safe is my number one priority.  we will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet.  fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their national anthem or their country.  nfl should change policy! alaska, arizona, maine and kentucky are big winners in the healthcare proposal.  7 years of repeal & replace and some senators not there. courageous patriots have fought and died for our great american flag --- we must honor and respect it!   make america great again! rt @donnawr8: @realdonaldtrump i wonder what this brave american would give to stand on his own two legs just once more for our #anthem? …rt @donnawr8: @realdonaldtrump you can boycott our anthem we can boycott you!  #nfl #maga  to inform that the ch pittsburgh penguins of the nhl will be joining me at the white house for ceremony.  great team! great solidarity for our national anthem and for our country.  standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable.  bad ratings! nfl attendance and ratings are way down.  boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country.  league should back u. s. if nfl fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our flag & country, you will see change take place fast.  fire or suspend! just heard foreign minister of north korea speak at u. n.  if he echoes thoughts of little rocket man, they won't be around much longer! roger goodell of nfl just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country. tell them to stand! democrats are laughingly saying that mccain had a moment of courage.  tell that to the people of arizona who were deceived.  116% increase! iran just test-fired a ballistic missile capable of reaching israel. they are also working with north korea. not much of an agreement we have! very proud of our incredible first lady @flotus.  she is a truly great representative for our country!   great american flag or country and should stand for the national anthem.  if not, you're fired.  find something else to do! if a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the nfl,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect. going to the white house is considered a great honor for a ch team. stephen curry is hesitating,therefore invitation is withdrawn! it was great being with luther strange last night in alabama.  what great people, what a crowd!  vote luther on tuesday. alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under obamacare, worst in the country.  deductibles high, people angry!  lisa m comes through. i know rand paul and i think he may find a way to get there for the good of the party! large block grants to states is a good thing to do.  better control &  management.  great for arizona.  mccain let his best friend l. g.  down! arizona had a 116% increase in obamacare premiums last year, with deductibles very high.  chuck schumer sold john mccain a bill of goods.  sadjohn mccain never had any intention of voting for this bill, which his governor loves.  he c on repeal & replace.  let arizona down! heading to alabama now, big crowd! thank you to doug parker and american airlines for all of the help you have given to the u. s.  with hurricane flights.  fantastic job! #usaatunga🇺🇸#unga  be in alabama tonight.  luther strange has gained mightily since my endorsement, but will be very close.  he loves alabama, and so do i! the greatest influence over our election was the fake news media screaming for crooked hillary clinton.  next, she was a bad candidate! the russia hoax continues, now it's ads on facebook.  what about the totally biased and dishonest media coverage in favor of crooked hillary? rt @donnawr8: . @potus #trump🇺🇸 & @flotus🌺when all seemed hopelessyou brought hope! you inspire us all! #maga #harvey @scavino45 #usa…rt @twitterdata: these are the 10 most tweeted about world leaders during the first day of #unga general debate  you!   jong un of north korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before! rand paul, or whoever votes against hcare bill, will forever future political c be known as the republican who saved obamacare. a big day for the u. s.  at the united nations! senator luther strange has gone up a lot in the polls since i endorsed him a month ago.  now a close runoff.  he will be great in d. c. today, i announced a new executive order with re: to north korea.  we must all do our part to ensure the complete de…  was a great privilege to meet with president moon of south korea. stay tuned!  🇺🇸🇰🇷#unga  was wonderful to have president petro poroshenko of ukraine with us in new york city today.  #unga🎥…  was a pleasure to have president ashraf ghani of afghanistan with us this morning!  #usaatunga #unga  @ricardorossello- we are with you and the people of puerto rico.  stay safe!  #prstrongsenator doctor bill cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their healthcare, he doesn't lie-just wants to help people! the nra strongly endorses luther strange for senator of alabama. that means all gun owners should vote for big luther.  he won't let you down! i would not sign graham-cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions.  it does!  a great bill.  repeal & replace. alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like big luther strange.  smart, tough on crime, borders & trade, loves vets & military.  tuesday! on behalf of all americans, i want to wish jewish families many blessings in the new year.    @vp: went to the senate today to say @potus & i fully support graham-cassidy plan to repeal/replace obamacare.  let's get this done.   to host a luncheon for african leaders this afternoon.  great discussions on the challenges & opportunities…  to meet w/ pres abbas from the palestinian authority & his delegation, who have been working hard w/everybo…  was a great honor to be with king abdullah ii of jordan and his delegation this morning.  we had a great bilatera…  forward to friday night in the great state of alabama.  i am supporting big luther strange because he was so loyal & helpful to me! i hope republican senators will vote for graham-cassidy and fulfill their promise to repeal & replace obamacare.  money direct to states! rand paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare.  graham-cassidy bill is great!  ends ocare! rt @franklin_graham: join me in praying for @potus.  he reminded the world, “if the righteous many do not confront the wicked few, then evil…thank you  @foxandfriends - great show! rt @realeaglebites: @realdonaldtrump it is the height of hypocrisy.  obama and clinton in effect gave nuclear weapons to north korea by thei…the world is noticing, thanks!   @donnawr8: @realdonaldtrump thank you @potus for believing in us like we believed in you!  #maga  allowing north korea to research and build nukes while secretary of state bill c also, crooked hillary now criticizes. big meetings today at the united nations.  so many interesting leaders.  america first will make america great again! rt @scavino45: the iran deal was one of the worst & most one sided transactions the united states has ever entered into. @potus @realdona…rt @scavino45: #wethepeople🇺🇸#usaatunga #unga  @scavino45: . @potus @realdonaldtrump and @un secretary-general @antonioguterres pose for📸prior to their expanded bilateral meeting.  #usa…i was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the emmys last night - the worst ever.  smartest people of them all are the deplorables. so nice, thank you!   great and important day at the united nations. met with leaders of many nations who agree with much or all of what i stated in my speech! puerto rico being hit hard by new monster hurricane.  be careful, our hearts are with you- will be there to help! the true question for the @un🎥 was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the united nations. #usaatunga🇺🇸#unga…  bless the people of mexico city.  we are with you and will be there for you. as president of the united states of america, i will always put #americafirst🇺🇸#ungafull remarks:…  great strength & patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but…  @ivankatrump: i have long respected india's accomplished and charismatic foreign minister @sushmaswaraj, and it was an honor to meet her…big day at the united nations - many good things, and some tricky ones, happening.  we have a great team.  big speech at 10:00 a. m. #usaatunga🇺🇸 #unga  call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in venezuela, and we want it to happen very, v…  was a great honor to be with president @emmanuelmacron of france this afternoon with his delegation.  great bilat…  an honor to have my good friend, israel pm @netanyahu, join us w/ his delegation in nyc this afternoon.  #unga…  forward to meeting with prime minister @netanyahu shortly.  peace in the middle east would be a truly great legacy for all people! we commend sg @antonioguterres & his call for the un to focus more on people & less on bureaucracy.  #usaatunga…  70th birthday @cia!   70th birthday @usairforce!   @realdonaldtrump: loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner. the internet is their main recruitment tool which we must…rt @realdonaldtrump: the travel ban into the united states should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be…important meetings and calls scheduled for today.  military and economy are getting stronger by the day, and our enemies know it.  #magart @markets: what is trump worth to twitter?  one analyst estimates $2 billion   great honor!   @fuctupmind: @realdonaldtrump donald trump's amazing golf swing #crookedhillary  @team_trump45: @realdonaldtrump   @team_trump45: @realdonaldtrump   @team_trump45: @realdonaldtrump   @glamourizes: @realdonaldtrump only true americans can see that president trump is making america great.  he's the only person who can!  h…rt @team_trump45: @realdonaldtrump   @dmartosko: this is the #nytimes.  can you understand why so many reporters are cautious about working for them?   you!   spoke with president moon of south korea last night.  asked him how rocket man is doing.  long gas lines forming in north korea.  too bad! attorney general bill schuette will be a fantastic governor for the great state of michigan.  i am bringing back your jobs and bill will helpi will be in huntsville, alabama, on saturday night to support luther strange for senate.  big luther is a great guy who gets things done! a great deal of good things happening for our country.  jobs and stock market at all time highs, and i believe will be getting even better! happy 70th birthday to the @usairforce!  the american people are eternally grateful.  thank you for keeping america p…  will defend our people, our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of lifecont:…  hearts & prayers go out to the people of london, who suffered a vicious terrorist attack.   forget our heroes held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country. proclamation:…  “fx” giaccio-on behalf of @flotus melania & myself, thank you for doing a great job this morning! …  address🇺🇸  migration cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on immigration! espn is paying a really big price for its politics and bad programming.  people are dumping it in record numbers.  apologize for untruth! we have made more progress in the last nine months against isis than the obama administration has made in 8 years. must be proactive & nasty! the travel ban into the united states should be far larger, tougher and more specific-but stupidly, that would not be politically correct! loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner. the internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off & use better! another attack in london by a loser terrorist. these are sick and demented people who were in the sights of scotland yard.  must be proactive! with the ridiculous filibuster rule in the senate, republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation, rather than 51.  can't get votes, end now! florida-just like tx, we are w/you today, we are w/you tomorrow, & we will be w/you every single day after, to res…  are with you florida! emergency information 1-800-342-3557volunteer 1-800-fl-help-1…  told republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen.  but don't worry, i will veto because i love our country & its people. bernie sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the u. s.  & its peoplespoke to president of mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake.  unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site. just left florida for d. c.  the people and spirit in that great state is unbelievable.  damage horrific but will be better than ever! am leaving now for florida to see our great first responders and to thank the u. s.  coast guard, fema etc.  a real disaster, much work to do! they have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age.  plus big border securitydoes anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military?  really! . . the wall, which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls, will continue to be built. no deal was made last night on daca.  massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent.  would be subject to vote. the deplorables came back to haunt hillary. they expressed their feelings loud and clear.  she spent big money but, in the end, had no game! crooked hillary clinton blames everybody and every thing but herself for her election loss.  she lost the debates and lost her direction! china has a business tax rate of 15%.  we should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy.  jobs and wages! with irma and harvey devastation, tax cuts and tax reform is needed more than ever before.  go congress, go! i will be traveling to florida tomorrow to meet with our great coast guard, fema and many of the brave first responders & others. the approval process for the biggest tax cut & tax reform package in the history of our country will soon begin.  move fast congress! it was a great honor to welcome prime minister najib abdul razak of malaysia and his distinguished delegation to th…  to eric & lara on the birth of their son, eric luke trump this morning!   devastation left by hurricane irma was far greater, at least in certain locations,than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard! fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me & have zero access.  #fake news! rt @loudobbs: making america great again- @kellyannepolls: after #irma @potus is focused on saving lives, not swamp shenanigans.  #dobbs #ma…may god forever bless the united states of america.  #neverforget911   @scavino45: hurricane force winds hit florida keys.  390 shelters have been opened in florida.  shelters near you➡️ @secretarysonny: serious @cabinet meeting today, called by @potus at camp david.  reports on #irma's track, potential impact, fed & state…rt @travelgov: continue to notify us of us citizens overseas impacted by #hurricaneirma & #hurricanejose.    @kellyannepolls: love and prayers for friends adrienne & eric bolling.  may eric chase know eternal peace.   @nypdnews: many supported nyers when sandy hit.  now our ny task force-1 can be there to help others during harvey & #hurricaneirma.  here…rt @seanhannity: @ericbolling to my dear friend, please know we all love you, will be here for you and your family. rt @donaldjtrumpjr: great pic from a friend on @cbpflorida @customsborder who have been helping with #harvey recovery and now with #irma.  t…rt @scavino45: florida governor rick @flgovscott.  #hurricaineirma  @erictrump: please stay safe #florida!  you are in our thoughts and we are praying for you!  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  u. s.  coast guard, fema and all federal and state brave people are ready.  here comes irma.  god bless everyone! heed the advice of @flgovscott! if you're in an evacuation zone, you need to get to a shelterthere's not many…  is a storm of enormous destructive power, and i ask everyone in the storm’s path to heed all instructions from…  visit  to find shelters, road closures, & evacuation routes.  helpful twitter list:…  in texas should be entitled to reimbursement from fema relief funds for helping victims of hurricane harvey just like others. a message to my fellow americans🇺🇸#irmahurricane2017🎥🎥  must start the tax reform/tax cut legislation asap.  don't wait until the end of september.  needed now more than ever.  hurry! never allow the republicans to pass even great legislation.  8 dems control - will rarely get 60 vs.  51 votes.  it is a repub death wish! republicans, sorry, but i've been hearing about repeal & replace for 7 years, didn't happen!  even worse, the senate filibuster rule will. our incredible u. s.  coast guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with harvey.  irma could be even tougher.  we love our coast guard! hurricane irma is of epic proportion, perhaps bigger than we have ever seen.  be safe and get out of its way,if possible.  federal g is ready! we will confront any challenge, no matter how strong the winds or high the water.  i’m proud to stand with presidents for #oneamericaappeal. i encourage everyone in the path of #hurricaneirma to heed the advice and orders of local & state officials!   my trip to saudi arabia, i spoke to the leaders of more than 50 arab & muslim nations about the need to conf…  we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are no match for the blessings of pro…  to the @whitehouse, amir sabah al-ahmed al-jaber al-sabah of kuwait!  joint press conference coming up soon:…  all of those daca that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period, you have nothing to worry about - no action! rt @gop: . @ivankatrump: this administration is committed to keeping working families at the forefront of our agenda.  @whitehouse: the current tax code is a burden on american taxpayers and harmful to american job-creators.  learn more:  @gop: . @potus: i want to work with congress, republicans, and democrats on a plan that is pro-growth, pro-jobs, pro-worker, and pro-amer…thank you, our great honor!   irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help.  be careful, be safe!  #femawe want our companies to hire & grow in america, to raise wages for american workers, & to help rebuild our america…  we want to renew our prosperity, restore opportunity, & re-establish our economic dominance, then we need tax re…  you for joining me in mandan, nd gov.  @dougburgum, lt.  gov.  @brentsanfordnd, @senjohnhoeven, @repkevincramer…  to be in north dakota with the incredible hardworking men & women @ the andeavor refinery.  full remarks:…  spoke w/ governors rick scott of florida, kenneth mapp of the u. s.  virgin islands & ricardo rosselló of puerto…  donald j.  trump approves emergency declarations'➡️➡️➡️…  @vp: . @potus is committed to the health & well-being of the us people & we are confident dr.  jerome adams will succeed as our new surgeo…hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the atlantic! watching hurricane closely.  my team, which has done, and is doing, such a good job in texas, is already in florida.  no rest for the weary! will be going to north dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts.  we are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change. congress now has 6 months to legalize daca something the obama administration was unable to do.  if they can't, i will revisit this issue! i look forward to working w/ d's + r's in congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st. rt @the_trump_train: @realdonaldtrump make no mistake, we are going to put the interest of american citizens first!  the forgotten men & w…i am allowing japan & south korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the united states. rt @danscavino: 'trump as commander in chief, making the hard decisions' by ltg ret kellogg, a highly decorated vietnam war vet:  get ready to do your job - daca! big week coming up! we are building our future with american hands, american labor, american iron, aluminum and steel.  happy #laborday!   united states is considering, in addition to other options, stopping all trade with any country doing business with north korea. i will be meeting general kelly, general mattis and other military leaders at the white house to discuss north korea.  thank you. south korea is finding, as i have told them, that their talk of appeasement with north korea will not work, they only understand one thing! . . north korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to china, which is trying to help but with little success. north korea has conducted a major nuclear test.  their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the united states. . so much spirit in la!  thank you to all of our hereos who saved many lives.  an honor to spend time w/ @nationalguard…  sunday is national prayer day by presidential proclamation! just got back to the white house from the great states of texas and louisiana, where things are going well.  such cooperation & coordination! the manufacturing index rose to 59%, the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better! rt @team_trump45: @realdonaldtrump   @columbiabugle: @realdonaldtrump @flotus president trump greeting families affected by hurricane harvey.  #texasstrong  @columbiabugle: @realdonaldtrump love our @flotus!   we will prevail in the great state of texas.  we love you! god bless texas & god bless the usa🇺🇸  we are with you today, we are with you tomorrow, and we will be with you every single day after, to restore,…  for texas and louisiana with @flotus melania right now @jba_nafw.  we will see you soon.  america is with y…  behalf of @flotus melania & myself, thank you for today's update & great work!  #southernbaptist @sendrelief,…  will be going to texas and louisiana tomorrow with first lady.  great progress being made!  spending weekend working at white house. stock market up 5 months in a row! 'president donald j.  trump proclaims september 3, 2017, as a national day of prayer' #hurricaneharvey #prayfortexas…  is healing fast thanks to all of the great men & women who have been working so hard.  but still so much to do.  will be back tomorrow! get things done at a record clip.  many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks.  america first! general john kelly is doing a great job as chief of staff.  i could not be happier or more impressed - and this administration continues to. . wow, looks like james comey exonerated hillary clinton long before the investigation was overand so much more.  a rigged system! thank you to all of the incredible heroes in texas.  america is with you!  #texasstrong  @foxnews: . @kellyannepolls on harvey recovery: we hope when it comes to basic hurricane harvey funding that we can rely upon a nonpartis…rt @secshulkin: our mobile vet center set up and ready to help #veterans impacted by #hurricaneharvey in corpus christi.   responders have been doing heroic work.  their courage & devotion has saved countless lives – they represent t…  @ivankatrump: we must reform our tax code so that all americans can succeed in our modern economy & achieve the american dream!  #taxrefo…texas & louisiana: we are w/ you today, we are w/ you tomorrow, & we will be w/ you every single day after, to rest…  be leaving for missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed! after reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines, it makes me wonder, why?  all i want to do is #maga! after witnessing first hand the horror & devastation caused by hurricane harvey,my heart goes out even more so to the great people of texas! the u. s.  has been talking to north korea, and paying them extortion money, for 25 years.  talking is not the answer! rt @brazoriacounty:    we are not looking to fill all of those positions.  don't need many of them - reduce size of government.  @ingrahamangleleaving now for texas! rt @thefive: trump just won on law & order and now he's delivering the goods.  -@jessebwatters #thefivert @txmilitary: #photosfromthefield: aerial photos from our rescue crews earlier today.  #harvey #tmdharvey @usnationalguard  @nwshouston: historic flooding is still ongoing across the area.  if evacuated, please do not return home until authorities indicate it i…rt @gregabbott_tx: thanks to the texas national guard for their help to rescue flooded texans.  #hurricaneharvey  @inspire_us: no color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of god.  - mother teresart @katiepavlich: your boss pardoned a traitor who gave u. s.  enemies state secrets, he also pardoned a terrorist who killed americans.  spar…rt @dineshdsouza: finally, as if by accident, the @washingtonpost breaks down & admits the truth about where the violence is coming from ht…historic rainfall in houston, and all over texas.  floods are unprecedented, and more rain coming.  spirit of the people is incredible. thanks! major rescue operations underway! going to a cabinet meeting tele-conference at 11:00 a. m.  on #harvey.  even experts have said they've never seen one like this! we are in the nafta worst trade deal ever made renegotiation process with mexico & canada. both being very difficult,may have to terminate? with mexico being one of the highest crime nations in the world, we must have the wall.  mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other. wow - now experts are calling #harvey a once in 500 year flood!  we have an all out effort going, and going well! i will also be going to a wonderful state, missouri, that i won by a lot in '16.  dem c. m.  is opposed to big tax cuts.  republican will win s! i will be going to texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption.  the focus must be life and safety. many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen.  good news is that we have great talent on the ground. great coordination between agencies at all levels of government.  continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with.  thousands rescued. a great book by a great guy, highly recommended!   coordination between federal, state and local governments in the great state of texas - teamwork!  record setting rainfall. thank you to all of the great volunteers helping out with #hurricaneharvey relief in texas!   monitoring #hurricaneharvey from camp david.  we are leaving nothing to chance.  city, state and federal govs.  working great together! . @chuckgrassley - got your message loud and clear.  we have fantastic people on the ground, got there long before #harvey.  so far, so good! rt @vp: all americans in harms way need to be prepared and should continue visiting  for critical updates on #hurric…rt @epascottpruitt: thoughts and prayers for those in texas & louisiana.  i am closely monitoring #harvey developments along with @fema & @e…you are doing a great job - the world is watching!  be safe.   @govabbott: to ensure your safety ahead of #harvey heed warnings from local officials & review important safety information.   will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as #hurricaneharvey makes landfall.  america is w/ you! …  am pleased to inform you that i have just granted a full pardon to 85 year old american patriot sheriff joe arpaio.  he kept arizona safe! at the request of the governor of texas, i have signed the disaster proclamation, which unleashes the full force of government help! storm turned hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected.  federal government is on site and ready to respond.  be safe! just arrived at camp david, where i am monitoring the path and doings of hurricane harvey as it strengthens to a class 3.  125 mph winds! just arrived at camp david where i am closely watching the path and doings of hurricane harvey, as it strengthens to a category 3.  be safe! i encourage everyone in the path of #hurricaneharvey to heed the advice & orders of their local and state officials.   a #hurricaneharvey briefing this morning from acting @dhsgov secretary elaine duke, @fema_brock,…  have spoken w/ @govabbott of texas and @louisianagov edwards.  closely monitoring #hurricaneharvey developments & here to assist as needed. strange statement by bob corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18.  tennessee not happy! nick adams, retaking america  best things of this presidency aren't reported about.  convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever. few, if any, administrations have done more in just 7 months than the trump a.  bills passed, regulations killed, border, military, isis, sc! general john kelly is doing a fantastic job as chief of staff.  there is tremendous spirit and talent in the w. h.  don't believe the fake newsif senate republicans don't get rid of the filibuster rule and go to a 51% majority, few bills will be passed.  8 dems control the senate! rt @erictrump: honored to speak at the rnc summer meeting in nashville tennessee this evening!  @gop #maga @gopchairwoman 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  @gregabbott_tx: spoke with pres.  trump & heads of homeland security & fema.  they're helping texas respond to #hurricaneharvey.   great honor to spend time with our brave heroes at the @usmc air station yuma.  thank you for your service to the…  #hurricaneharvey intensifies - remember to #planahead.  ☑️☑️ ☑️…  tuesday, i visited with the incredible men & women of @icegov & @dhsgov border patrol in yuma, az.  thank you.  we…  only problem i have with mitch mcconnell is that, after hearing repeal & replace for 7 years, he failed! that should never have happened! james clapper, who famously got caught lying to congress, is now an authority on donald trump.  will he show you his beautiful letter to me? . . enthusiastic, dynamic and fun and the american legion - v. a.  respectful and strong.  too bad the dems have no one who can change tones! the fake news is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches.  well, there was afghanistan somber, the big rally. . rt @jerrytravone: @realdonaldtrump   do it so now we have a big deal with dems holding them up as usual on debt ceiling approval.  could have been so easy-now a mess! i requested that mitch m & paul r tie the debt ceiling legislation into the popular v. a.  bill which just passed for easy approval.  theydonald e.  ballard, on behalf of the people of the united states, thank you for your courageous service.  you inspire…  great honor to sign the veterans appeals improvement & modernization act into law w/ @americanlegion @secshulkin. …  long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values, then there is no challenge too great for us to…  republican senate doesn't get rid of the filibuster rule & go to a simple majority, which the dems would do, they are just wasting time! last night in phoenix i read the things from my statements on charlottesville that the fake news media didn't cover fairly.  people got it! phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house.  i love the great state of arizona.  not a fan of jeff flake, weak on crime & border! make america great again!   #phoenixrally  only does the media give a platform to hate groups, but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our…  you arizona.  beautiful turnout of 15,000 in phoenix tonight!  full coverage of rally via my facebook at:…  you to all of the great men and women at the u. s.  customs and border protection facility in yuma, arizona & a…  will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts, courage in our souls & everlasting pride in each & every one o…  you at 7:00 p. m.  tonight phoenix, arizona!  #maga🇺🇸tickets:   pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @usnavy aboard the  #ussjohnsmccain, and th…  with great people last night in fort myer, virginia.  the future of our country is strong! address to the nationfull video & transcript:  you to the men and women of fort myer, and every member of the u. s.  military at home and abroad.  #usa🇺🇸  @marcorubio: good #afghanstrategy & excellent speech by @potus laying it out to the nation. join me live from fort myer in arlington, virginia.  ➡️ you, the very dishonest fake news media is out of control!   falwell of liberty university was fantastic on @foxandfriends.  the fake news should listen to what he had to say.  thanks jerry! thoughts & prayers are w/ our @usnavy sailors aboard the #ussjohnsmccain where search & rescue efforts are underway.   back to washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest fake news reporting i have ever seen! i want to applaud the many protestors in boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate.  our country will soon come together as one! our great country has been divided for decades.  sometimes you need protest in order to heal, & we will heal, & be stronger than ever before! great job by all law enforcement officers and boston mayor @marty_walsh. looks like many anti-police agitators in boston.  police are looking tough and smart!  thank you. steve bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @breitbartnewsmaybe even better than ever before.  fake news needs the competition! important day spent at camp david with our very talented generals and military leaders.  many decisions made, including on afghanistan. i want to thank steve bannon for his service.  he came to the c during my run against crooked hillary clinton - it was great!  thanks smy thoughts and prayers are with the @kissimmeepolice and their loved ones.  we are with you! #lesmtoday, i signed the global war on terrorism war memorial act #hr873.  the bill authorizes. cont➡️…  returned to bedminster, nj from camp david.  great meeting on national security, the border and the military! …  have directed that u. s.  cyber command be elevated to the status of a unified combatant command focused on. cont:  @hughhewitt: @realdonaldtrump i spoke to a group of influential ca gopers tonight, long time activists, bundlers, influencers.  support f…rt @hughhewitt: #nevertrumpers elite msmers and virtue signalers are persuading themselves that @realdonaldtrump supporters are deserting. …heading to camp david for major meeting on national security, the border and the military which we are rapidly building to strongest ever. radical islamic terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary!  the courts must give us back our protective rights.  have to be tough! the obstructionist democrats make security for our country very difficult.  they use the courts and associated delay at all times.  must stop! homeland security and law enforcement are on alert & closely watching for any sign of trouble.  our borders are far tougher than ever before! study what general pershing of the united states did to terrorists when caught.  there was no more radical islamic terror for 35 years! the united states condemns the terror attack in barcelona, spain, and will do whatever is necessary to help.  be tough & strong, we love you! the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced! can't change history, but you can learn from it.  robert e lee, stonewall jackson - who's next, washington, jefferson?  so foolish!  alsosad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments.  you. . many meetings today in bedminster including with secretary linda m and small business.  job numbers are looking great! great to see that dr.  kelli ward is running against flake jeff flake, who is weak on borders, crime and a non-factor in senate.  he's toxic! the public is learning even more so how dishonest the fake news is.  they totally misrepresent what i say about hate, bigotry etc.  shame! and people like ms.  heyer.  such a disgusting lie.  he just can't forget his election trouncing. the people of south carolina will remember! publicity seeking lindsey graham falsely stated that i said there is moral equivalency between the kkk, neo-nazis & white supremaciststhank you @mayorgimenez for following the rule of law!  sanctuary cities make our country less safe!  full remarks:…  me at 7:00 p. m.  on tuesday, august 22nd in phoenix, arizona at the phoenix convention center!  tickets at:…  in bedminster i signed the harry w.  colmery veterans educational assistance act of 2017, joined by…  landed in bedminster, new jersey.  #maga 🎥 @jacobawohl: @realdonaldtrump president trump alone has succeeded in bringing the stock market, small business index and consumer comfor…rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the manufacturing council & strategy & policy forum, i am ending both.  thank you all! memorial service today for beautiful and incredible heather heyer, a truly special young woman.  she will be long remembered by all! wow, senator luther strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement.  now in september runoff.  strong on wall & crime! make america great again! kim jong un of north korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision.  the alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable! rt @foxnews: . @potus: our infrastructure will again be the best in the world.  we used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the…rt @jessebwatters: thanks for watching! !   john!   @harlan: watching msm you would have no idea @realdonaldtrump clearly, unambiguously & repeatedly condemned the bigotry & violence in ch…congratulation to roy moore and luther strange for being the final two and heading into a september runoff in alabama.  exciting race! amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers.  towns, cities and states throughout the u. s.  are being hurt - many jobs being lost! for every ceo that drops out of the manufacturing council, i have many to take their place.  grandstanders should not have gone on.  jobs! big day in alabama.  vote for luther strange, he will be great! rt @foxandfriends: fox news exclusive: president trump 'seriously considering' a pardon for ex-sheriff joe arpaio  according to report just out, president obama knew about russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger russia! senator luther strange, who is doing a great job for the people of alabama, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15.  tough on crime, borders etc. rt @jackposobiec: meanwhile: 39 shootings in chicago this weekend, 9 deaths.  no national media outrage.  why is that?   good to be home after seven months, but the white house is very special, there is no place like it and the u. s.  is really my home! rt @foxandfriends: sec.  mattis: if north korea fires missile at us, it's 'game on'  @fiiibuster: @realdonaldtrump we have a president that is putting the security and prosperity of america first.  thank you, president tru…made additional remarks on charlottesville and realize once again that the #fake news media will never be satisfiedtruly bad people! leaving for new york city and meetings on military purchases and trade. big day in washington, d. c. , even though white house & oval office are being renovated.  great trade deals coming for american workers! . @merck pharma is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the u. s.  bring jobs back & lower prices! now that ken frazier of merck pharma has resigned from president's manufacturing council,he will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices! the obstructionist democrats have given us or not fixed some of the worst trade deals in world history.  i am changing that fast! luther strange of the great state of alabama has my endorsement.  he is strong on border & wall, the military, tax cuts & law enforcement. heading to washington this morning.  much work to do.  focus on trade and military.  #magart @axios: the doj is opening a civil rights investigation on the car attack in charlottesville  @foxnews: . @alandersh: trump has 'more credibility' than obama with north korea   @dailycaller: guam governor to trump: i’ve never felt safer than ‘with you at the helm’   @secretservice: our thoughts & prayers are with the families, friends & colleagues of #virginia's @vsppio lt cullen & tpr bates #charlot…condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in charlottesville, virginia.  so sad! deepest condolences to the families & fellow officers of the va state police who died today.  you're all among the best this nation produces. we will continue to follow developments in charlottesville, and will provide whatever assistance is needed.  we are…  must remember this truth: no matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are all americans first.   is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives. #charlottesville  me live from bedminster, new jersey:  in bedminster for meetings & press conference on v. a.  & all that we have done, and are doing, to make it better-but charlottesville sad! we all must be united & condemn all that hate stands for.  there is no place for this kind of violence in america.  lets come together as one! press conference - following national security briefing in bedminster, new jersey.  🎥  promised on the c trail, we will provide opportunity for americans to gain skills needed to succeed & thr…  comfort reaches 16-year high on u. s.  economic optimism via bloomberg  want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are.   @pacificcommand: #usaf b-1b lancer #bombers on guam stand ready to fulfill usfk’s #fighttonight mission if called upon to do so  solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should north korea act unwisely.   hopefully kim jong un will find another path! rt @foxandfriends: trump fires new warning shot at mcconnell, leaves door open on whether he should step down  @foxandfriends: senators learn the hard way about the fallout from turning on trump  @foxandfriends: fox news alert: 2 us drone strikes in somalia target al qaeda and al-shabaab  approval rebounds to 45%, surges among hispanics, union homes, men  will lead the u. s.  delegation to india this fall, supporting women’s entrepreneurship globally. #ges2017 @narendramodimitch, get back to work and put repeal & replace, tax reform & cuts and a great infrastructure bill on my desk for signing.  you can do it! rt @foxandfriends: fox news alert: north korea responds to u. s.  with guam attack plan as secretary mattis warns kim jung un “he is grossly…rt @progresspolls: who is a better president of the united states?  #obamadaycan you believe that mitch mcconnell, who has screamed repeal & replace for 7 years, couldn't get it done.  must repeal & replace obamacare! rt @markets: u. s.  job openings surge to record  via @shochandra  @thefive: @potus being unpredictable is a big asset, north korea knew exactly what president obama was going to do. - @jessebwattersrt @ambjohnbolton: our country & civilians are vulnerable today because @barackobama did not believe in national missile defense.  let’s nev…#godblesstheusa🇺🇸  mitch mcconnell said i had excessive expectations, but i don't think so.  after 7 years of hearing repeal & replace, why not done? hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world! my first order as president was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal.  it is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before. rt @foxandfriends: president trump vows america will respond to north korean threats with fire & fury in a warning to the rogue nation ht…rt @foxandfriends: france vehicle attack leaves at least six soldiers injured @foxandfriends: trump vows u. s.  'power' will meet north korean threat  @foxandfriends: millions of gallons of mexican waste threaten border patrol agents  @foxandfriends: u. s.  air force jets take off from guam for training, ensuring they can 'fight tonight'  @thefive: media bias is not just about what they report, it's also about what they don't report. -@jessebwatters #thefivesenator luther strange has done a great job representing the people of the great state of alabama.  he has my complete and total endorsement! rt @foxnews: jobs added during @potus' time in office.   200 days, rarely has any administration achieved what we have achieved. . not even close!  don't believe the fake news suppression polls! e-mails show that the amazonwashingtonpost and the failingnewyorktimes were reluctant to cover the clinton/lynch secret meeting in plane. after many years of failure,countries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by north korea.  we must be tough & decisive! i will be holding a major briefing on the opioid crisis, a major problem for our country, today at 3:00 p. m.  in bedminster, n. j. rt @foxandfriends: opioid crisis: worse than we thought, with a new study showing overdose deaths were under reported  @foxandfriends: anthem announces it will withdraw from obamacare exchange in nevada  @foxandfriends: u. s.  spy satellites detect north korea moving anti-ship cruise missiles to patrol boat  think senator blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in vietnam, where he lied about his service, so he can at least say he was therehow much longer will the failing nytimes, with its big losses and massive unfunded liability and non-existent sources, remain in business? the fake news media will not talk about the importance of the united nations security council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on n.  korea! on #purpleheartday💜i thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this great nation!  #usa🇺🇸  how brave he was, and it was all a lie.  he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child.  now he judges collusion? never in u. s. history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like senator richard blumenthal.  he told stories about his vietnam battles and. interesting to watch senator richard blumenthal of connecticut talking about hoax russian collusion when he was a  phony vietnam con artist! working hard from new jersey while white house goes through long planned renovation.  going to new york next week for more meetings. hard to believe that with 24/7 #fake news on cnn, abc, nbc, cbs, nytimes & wapo, the trump base is getting stronger!  supreme court pick, economic enthusiasm, deregulation & so much more have driven the trump base even closer together.  will never change! and west virginia.  the fact is the fake news russian collusion story, record stock market, border security, military strength, jobs. . the trump base is far bigger &  stronger than ever before despite some phony fake news polling.  look at rallies in penn, iowa, ohio. the failing @nytimes, which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win apologized, is totally inept! just completed call with president moon of south korea.  very happy and impressed with 15-0 united nations vote on north korea sanctions. the fake news refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: s. c. , surging economy & jobs,border & military security,isis & ms-13 etc. rt @ivankatrump: the administration is committed to supporting military spouses in the workforce.  thanks kim for sharing your story!   america great again!   nations resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on north korea.  over one billion dollars in cost to n. k. thank you nicole!   many years of leaks going on in washington, it is great to see the a. g.  taking action!  for national security, the tougher the better! the united nations security council just voted 15-0 to sanction north korea.  china and russia voted with us.  very big financial impact! working in bedminster, n. j. , as long planned construction is being done at the white house.  this is not a vacation - meetings and calls! rt @rightlynews: what's a high priced clinton attorney doing representing a low level it staffer for the democrats?  -@jessebwatters on t…under trump, gains against #isis have dramatically accelerated is coming back to our shores because we are putting america workers and families first.  #americafirst🇺🇸  @foxnews: more than 1 million jobs added since @potus took office.    @ivankatrump: since @realdonaldtrump inauguration, over 1 million net new jobs have been created in the american economy!  #magart @dcexaminer: emails show washington post, new york times reporters unenthusiastic about covering clinton-lynch meeting  work being done by @fema @dhsgov w/state & local leaders to prepare for hurricane season.  preparedness is an…  matter the mission, the brave men & women of our @uscg proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365.  thank you and…  @paultdove: @foxbusiness republican senators who are opposing the president, look at the great economic news: americans are noticing! rt @bet22325450ste: @foxbusiness @foxandfriends come on america.  get on the trump train.  the winners already have boarded!  the losers are w…rt @foxbusiness: #breakingnews: u. s.  employers added 209,000 jobs in july, unemployment rate down to 4. 3% #jobsreport  @foxandfriends: . @judgejeanine: there will be an uproar in this country if they end up with an indictment against a trump family member…rt @realjameswoods: i've never witnessed such hatred for a man who is willing to work for free to make his beloved country a better place. …excellent jobs numbers just released - and i have only just begun.  many job stifling regulations continue to fall.  movement back to usa! west virginia was incredible last night.  crowds and enthusiasm were beyond, gdp at 3%, wow! dem governor became a republican last night. rt @team_trump45: @realdonaldtrump we won.  move on.   confidence is at a 16 year high. and for good reason.  much more regulation busting to come.  working hard on tax cuts & reform! . and don't forget that foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in wisconsin. toyota & mazda to build a new $1. 6b plant here in the u. s. a.  and create 4k new american jobs.  a great investment in american manufacturing! thank you west virginia!  all across the country, americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to…  arrived in west virginia for a make america great again rally in huntington at 7:00pme.  massive crowd expected - tune in!  #maga🇺🇸thank you indiana!  #maga🇺🇸 highly anticipated meeting between kim jong un and myself will take place in singapore on june 12th.  we will bo…  most wanted leaders of isis just captured! senator cryin’ chuck schumer fought hard against the bad iran deal, even going at it with president obama, & then v…  behalf of the american people, welcome home!   haspel did a spectacular job today.  there is nobody even close to run the cia! looking forward to greeting the hostages no longer at 2:00 a. m. the failing new york times criticized secretary of state pompeo for being awol missing, when in fact he was flyin…  pompeo and his “guests” will be landing at andrews air force base at 2:00 a. m.  in the morning.  i will be…  am pleased to inform you that secretary of state mike pompeo is in the air and on his way back from north korea w…  to mike dewine on his big win in the great state of ohio.  he will be a great governor with a heavy…  owens of turning point usa is having a big impact on politics in our country.  she represents an ever expand…  fake news is working overtime.  just reported that, despite the tremendous success we are having with the econom…  republican party had a great night.  tremendous voter energy and excitement, and all candidates are those who ha…  iran deal is defective at its core.  if we do nothing, we know what will happen.  in just a short time, the world…  @whitehouse: finally, i want to deliver a message to the long-suffering people of iran.  the people of america stand with you.   @whitehouse: at the heart of the iran deal was a giant fiction: that a murderous regime desired only a peaceful nuclear energy program. …statement on the iran nuclear deal:  kerry can’t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it!  stay away from negotiations john, you are hurting your country! i will be speaking to my friend, president xi of china, this morning at 8:30.  the primary topics will be trade, whe…  haspel, my highly respected nominee to lead the cia, is being praised for the fact that she has been, and alwa…  will be announcing my decision on the iran deal tomorrow from the white house at 2:00pm. national prescription drug #takebackday numbers are in!  another record broken: nearly 1 million pounds of rx pills…  united states does not need john kerry’s possibly illegal shadow diplomacy on the very badly negotiated iran de…  this phony witch hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the mid-term elections, which is what…  page, who may hold the record for the most emails in the shortest period of time to her lover, peter s, and…  luck to ric grenell, our new ambassador to germany.  a great and talented guy, he will represent our country well! “the great revolt” by salena zito and brad todd does much to tell the story of our great election victory.  the forg…  13 angry democrats in charge of the russian witch hunt are starting to find out that there is a court system in…  russia witch hunt is rapidly losing credibility.  house intelligence committee found no collusion, coordination…  highly respected nominee for cia director, gina haspel, has come under fire because she was too tough on terrori…  the great people of west virginia we have, together, a really great chance to keep making a big difference.  prob…  you cleveland, ohio!   high level delegation is on the way back from china where they had long meetings with chinese leaders and busin…  returned home to the beautiful white house, from dallas, where the arena was packed to the rafters with the gr…  book just out by very successful businessman @andypuzder.  always known as somebody who knows how to win, “cap…  want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the @nra.  we will never fail, and we will always protect your se…  are going to demand congress secure the border in the upcoming cr.  illegal immigration must end! democrats and liberals in congress want to disarm law-abiding americans at the same time they are releasing dangero…  of us here today are united by the same timeless values.  we believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator…  out: 3. 9% unemployment.  4% is broken!  in the meantime, witch hunt! going to dallas the great state of texas today.  leaving soon! nbc news is wrong again!  they cite “sources” which are constantly wrong.  problem is, like so many others, the sourc…  mccarthy will be on  @loudobbs tonight.  7:00 p. m.  , @foxbusiness. because jobs in the u. s.  are doing so well, americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973.  great! our southern border is under siege.  congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws.  must…   spring marks 4yrs since the phoenix va crisis.  we won't forget what happened to our great vets.  choice is vita…  it was my great honor to celebrate the #nationaldayofprayer at the @whitehouse, in the rose garden!  proclama…  already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair.  prior to its violation by ms…  common among celebrities and people of wealth.  in this case it is in full force and effect and will be used…  cohen, an attorney, received a monthly retainer, not from the c and having nothing to do with the c  great financial team is in china trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade!  i look forward to being wi…  earnhardt, a truly great person, just wrote a wonderful book, “the light within me,” which is doing really…  everybody is aware, the past administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a north…  isn’t some game.  you are screwing with the work of the president of the united states. ”  john dowd, march 201…  have been briefed on the u. s.  c-130 “hercules” cargo plane from the puerto rico national guard that crashed near…  @secpompeo!   rigged system - they don’t want to turn over documents to congress.  what are they afraid of?  why so much redactin…  book - a must read!  “the russia hoax - the illicit scheme to clear hillary clinton and frame donald trump” by t…  questions are an intrusion into the president’s article 2  powers under the constitution to fire any executive…  was no collusion it is a hoax and there is no obstruction of justice that is a setup & trap.  what there i…  it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of southwest airlines flight 1…  @armywp_football!   i had the great honor of awarding the commander-in-chief’s trophy, for the first time in 21 years, to the…  it was my great honor to welcome president @mbuhari of the federal republic of nigeria to the…  would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened!  witch hunt! delegation heading to china to begin talks on the massive trade deficit that has been created with our country.  ver…  disgraceful that the questions concerning the russian witch hunt were “leaked” to the media.  no questions on col…  white house is running very smoothly despite phony witch hunts etc.  there is great energy and unending stamina,…  fake news is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources who don’t exist.  they are tot…  small business week, we celebrate the great, hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started…  migrant ‘caravan’ that is openly defying our border shows how weak & ineffective u. s.  immigration laws are.  yet…  recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of…  countries are being considered for the meeting, but would peace house/freedom house, on the border of nort…  white house correspondents’ dinner is dead as we know it.  this was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our…  “kim prepared to cede nuclear weapons if u. s.  pledges not to invade” - from the failing new york times.  a…  white house correspondents’ dinner was a failure last year, but this year was an embarrassment to everyone asso…  triumphs are driving his critics crazy! ” thank you steve hilton @nextrevfnc, just want to do what is right for our wonderful u. s. a. just got recent poll - much higher than president o at same time. well, much more has been accomplished! while washington, michigan, was a big success, washington, d. c. , just didn’t work.  everyone is talking about the fa…  evening last night in washington, michigan.  the enthusiasm, knowledge and love in that room was unreal.  to th…  me live in washington, michigan at 7:00pme on @foxnews!  #magasecret service has just informed me that senator jon tester’s statements on admiral jackson are not true.  there wer…  forward to being in the great state of michigan tonight.  major business expansion and jobs pouring into your s…  had a long and very good talk with president moon of south korea.  things are going very well, time and locatio…  lied about fraudulent dossier leaks to cnn” @foxandfriends foxnews  he is a lying machine who now works for fake news cnn. . great people of montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being.  admiral ja…  made by senator jon tester against admiral/doctor ron jackson are proving false.  the secret service is…  intelligence committee rules that there was no collusion between the trump c and russia.  as i have bee…  @whitehouse: so today, on behalf of the united states, i want to thank every olympian and paralympian to every member of @teamusa, i…i urge all americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow!  let’s come together and beat last october’s record of…  @whitehouse: today i am honored to welcome chancellor angela merkel back to the white house we are also pleased to have our newly co…just out: house intelligence committee report released.  “no evidence” that the trump c “colluded, coordinate…  forward to meeting with chancellor angela merkel of germany today.  so much to discuss, so little time!  it will…  west has performed a great service to the black community - big things are happening and eyes are being opene…  do not forget the great help that my good friend, president xi of china, has given to the united states, par…  great to have staff sgt.  dan nevins and the incredible wounded warriors with me in the white house yesterday.  th…  war to end!  the united states, and all of its great people, should be very proud of what is now taking place in korea! after a furious year of missile launches and nuclear testing, a historic meeting between north and south korea is n…  everybody believing what is going on.  james comey can’t define what a leak is.  he illegally leaked classified in…  u. s.  has put together a strong bid w/ canada & mexico for the 2026 world cup.  it would be a shame if countries…  being on @foxandfriends this morning.  great show! maga!   you kanye, very cool!   @realdonaldtrump: democrats are obstructing good hopefully great people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our…looking forward to my meeting with tim cook of apple.  we will be talking about many things, including how the u. s. …  did a spectacular job hosting the president of france @emmanuelmacron and his wife brigitte.  every detail…  day planned.   looking forward to watching president macron of france address a joint session of congress today…  to republican debbie lesko on her big win in the special election for arizona house seat.  debbie wi…  two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history, culture, and destiny.  we are people w…  @flotus melania and i were honored to welcome french president @emmanuelmacron and mrs.  brigitte macron to t…  has worked so hard on tax reductions, illegal immigration, the border and crime.  i need jim very badly…  trump calls the u. s. -france relationship ‘unbreakable. ’ history shows he’s right. ”  please get out today and vote @debbielesko for congress in #az08.  strong on border, immigration and crime. …  stand with you and all of canada, prime minister @justintrudeau.  our thoughts and prayers are with you al…  great meetings and discussions with my friend, president @emmanuelmacron of france.  we are in the midst of m…  @mike_pence: proud to support our friend @votemarsha for us senate representing tennessee.  marsha blackburn is a rock-ribbed conservativ…here’s a great stat - since january 2017, the number of people forced to use food st is down 1. 9 million.  the a…  whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through mexico and into the u. s.  we m…  the democrat inspired laws on sanctuary cities and the border being so bad and one sided, i have instructed…  to believe obstructionists may vote against mike pompeo for secretary of state.  the dems will not approve hund…  you to the incredible law enforcement officers from the palm beach county sheriff’s office.  they keep us safe…  strassel of the wsj just said, after reviewing the dumb comey memos, “you got to ask, what was the purpose of t…  how all of the pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on north korea are now all over the place te…  complete witch hunt! “i can die happy now with trump job performance,” stated mary matalin.  “a great overall president, stunning! ” thank you mary. . we are a long way from conclusion on north korea, maybe things will work out, and maybe they won’t - only time…  eyes chuck todd of fake news nbc just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with north ko…  lawmakers asking sessions to investigate comey and hillary clinton. ” @foxnews   good luck with that request! “at least two memos comey shared with a friend contained classified information. ”  wall street journalrt @dmartosko: the same can be said of the collusion stuff.   washington post said i refer to jeff sessions as “mr.  magoo” and rod rosenstein as “mr.  peepers. ” this is “acco…  comey’s memos are classified, i did not declassify them.  they belong to our government!  therefore, he broke t…  stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing ch jack johnson.  his trials and tribulation…  funny, the democrats have sued the republicans for winning.  now he r’s counter and force them to turn over a tre…  to the southern white house to watch the funeral service of barbara bush.  first lady melania has arrived in…  my thoughts and prayers are with the entire bush family.  in memory of first lady barbara bush, there is a re…  crowd and great people yesterday in key west, florida.  thank you!   me in washington, michigan on saturday, april 28, 2018 at 7:00pm!  #maga tickets:   means lying or making up stories.  sorry, i don’t see michael doing that despite the horrible witch hunt and the dishonest media! the new york times and a third rate reporter named maggie haberman, known as a crooked h flunkie who i don’t speak…  message from kim jong un: “north korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missile…  comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a special council?  therefore, t…  heard the c was sued by the obstructionist democrats.  this can be good news in that we will now counter…  korea has agreed to suspend all nuclear tests and close up a major test site.  this is very good news for nort…  you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the fake news media should be getting good stories, today we ha…  like opec is at it again.  with record amounts of oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at…  pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big tax cuts given to the american people by the republicansgot…  exciting!  i have agreed to be the commencement speaker at our great naval academy on may 25th in annapolis, mary…  general michael flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while shadey james comey can leak and lie and make lots of…  comey memos just out and show clearly that there was no collusion and no obstruction.  also, he leaked classif…  comey just threw andrew mccabe “under the bus. ” inspector general’s report on mccabe is a disaster for both o…  cities released at least 142 gang members across the united states, making it easy for them to commit all…  thoughts, prayers and condolences are with the families, friends and colleagues of the two @gcsoflorida deputies…  pompeo is outstanding.  first in his class at west point.  a top student at harvard law school.  a success at wha…  the senate will not leave washington until our ambassadors, judges and the people who make washington…  are obstructing good hopefully great people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for…  is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her.  great on the military, bo…  you #jiatfsouth, @norad_northcom, @southcomwatch and @dhsgov.  keep up the great work!   arrived @naskeywest!  heading to a briefing with the joint interagency task force south, northcom and southcom.   jerry brown announced he will deploy “up to 400 national guard troops” to do nothing.  the crime rate in ca…  you san diego county for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against california's illegal an…  meeting with prime minister abe of japan, who has just left florida.  talked in depth about north korea, milit…  was my great honor to host my friend @jpn_pmo @abeshinzo and his delegation at mar-a-lago for the past two days. …  @statedept: . @potus trump thanks prime minister @abeshinzo for his support, discusses u. s. -japan cooperation on #northkorea, defense, an…great working luncheon with u. s.  and japanese delegations this afternoon!   minister @abeshinzo of japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while pl…  wishes to prime minister @netanyahu and all of the people of israel on the 70th anniversary of your great inde…  james comey, the worst fbi director in history, was not fired because of the phony russia investigation wh…  pompeo met with kim jong un in north korea last week.  meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was f…  sketch years later about a nonexistent man.  a total con job, playing the fake news media for fools but they know…  is a revolution going on in california.  soooo many sanctuary areas want out of this ridiculous, crime infeste…  @abeshinzo: フロリダに到着し、早速トランプ大統領との首脳会談に臨みました。今日は、大半を北朝鮮問題に費やし、非常に重要な点で認識を一致させることができました。「日本のために最善となるようベストを尽くす」トランプ大統領は、来る米朝首脳会談で拉致問題を取り上げ…rt @ivankatrump: this year’s #taxday is the last time you’ll have to file your taxes through an outdated, broken system.  #bye-bye  @realdonaldtrump: states and cities throughout our country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers.  very unfair to tr…rt @realdonaldtrump: today’s court decision means that congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens, i…rt @realdonaldtrump: . congress – house and senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed f…while japan and south korea would like us to go back into tpp, i don’t like the deal for the united states.  too man…  andrew brunson, a fine gentleman and christian leader in the united states, is on trial and being persecuted…  is my great honor to host @jpn_pmo @abeshinzo!   melania and i join the nation in celebrating the life of barbara bush:  and cities throughout our country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers.  very unfair to…  @ivankatrump: great to be with secretary mnuchin & former governor sununu in derry, nh on #taxday to highlight the tremendous benefits o…rt @foxbusiness: watch live: @ivankatrump and @stevenmnuchin1 host tax event on tax day in new h courtesy: wbz  – house and senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be remove…  prime minister abe!   just came out at 51% approval despite the fake news media.  they were one of the three most accurate on el…  ready to meet prime minister abe of japan, a truly fine gentleman! rt @nfib: our optimism index reached its 16th consecutive month in the top 5% of 45 years of survey readings – and it was the 1st time in 3…rt @vp: thanks to the historic trump tax cuts, today marks the last time the american people will file taxes under a complicated & outdated…rt @repkevinbrady: starting next year, you will be able to file under the new tax law, which means more money in your pocket – all without…rt @whitehouse: syrian president bashar al-assad’s april 7 attack on innocent civilians violated international law, the chemical weapons co…rt @whitehouse: out with the old, in with the new: tax cuts and reforms that look out for hardworking taxpayers ⬇️ @whitehouse: president trump's tax cuts will generate greater economic opportunities for all.   many people are seeing the benefits of the tax cut bill.  everyone is talking, really nice to see! i am in florida and looking forward to my meeting with prime minister abe of japan.  working on trade and military security. employment is up, taxes are down.  enjoy! rt @gopchairwoman: crumbs are still coming.  #maga @waysandmeansgop: tomorrow is #taxday and the good news is this is the last year you will have to file using the old, broken code.  check…rt @ivankatrump: looking forward to traveling to manchester, nh tomorrow with sec @stevenmnuchin1 to celebrate the last #taxday under the o…rt @gop: our entire rnc family offers prayers of comfort and peace for barbara bush and the entire bush family. rt @gopchairwoman: comey’s misconduct once led both republicans and democrats to call for his firing.  his reputation rehabilitation book to…rt @gopchairwoman: we’re in a prime position to defend our majorities in 2018.  let’s defy history.  #maga #leadright and china are playing the currency devaluation game as the u. s.  keeps raising interest rates.  not acceptable! comey drafted the crooked hillary exoneration long before he talked to her lied in congress to senator g, then ba…  hit 50% in the rasmussen poll, much higher than president obama at same point.  with all of the phony stories a…  james comey, a man who always ends up badly and out of whack he is not smart! , will go down as the worst…  client privilege is now a thing of the past.  i have many too many!  lawyers and they are probably wonderi…  never asked comey for personal loyalty.  i hardly even knew this guy.  just another of his many lies.  his “memos” are self serving and fake! the syrian raid was so perfectly carried out, with such precision, that the only way the fake news media could deme…  throws ag lynch “under the bus! ” why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the pla…  big questions in comey’s badly reviewed book aren’t answered like, how come he gave up classified information …  james comey states that polls, where crooked hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling stup…  @realdonaldtrump: so proud of our great military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the fines…rt @nikkihaley:  iger of abc called valerie jarrett to let her know that “abc does not tolerate comments like those” made by ros…  failing and corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people,” when in fact it was many times th…  are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else! ” and i wish i did! . chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way i’m not going to be able to participate i…  gowdy, “i don’t think so, i think what the president is doing is expressing frustration that attorney gene…  fake mainstream media has, from the time i announced i was running for president, run the most highly sophistic…  i’ve got to start focusing my energy on north korea nuclear, bad trade deals, va choice, the economy, rebuil…  aren’t the 13 angry and heavily conflicted democrats investigating the totally crooked c of totally croo…  13 angry democrats plus people who worked 8 years for obama working on the rigged russia witch hunt, will be…  investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about.  it wasn’t just a wiretap agains…  have put a great team together for our talks with north korea.  meetings are currently taking place concerning su…  mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from obama’s term showing children from the border in steel cages.  they th…  has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime, high tax, problems - along with s…  democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to repeal the gop tax cuts no chance.  this is too good to be true fo…  fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny.  they saved the lives of the men a…  heroes who rest in these hallowed fields, in cemeteries, battlefields, and burial grounds near and far are draw…  you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance.  we are gathered here on the sacred soil of…  now find out that the obama administration put the opposing c presidential candidate, or his c  yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the justice dept.  i find her actions to be really…  president deserves some answers. ” @foxnews in discussing “spygate. ”happy memorial day!  those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is d…   didn’t president obama do something about the so-called russian meddling when he was told about it by the fbi b…  united states team has arrived in north korea to make arrangements for the summit between kim jong un and mysel…  didn’t the 13 angry democrats investigate the c of crooked hillary clinton, many crimes, much collusion…  to have 400,000 great men & women of rolling thunder in d. c.  showing their patriotism.  they love our coun…  going to give back the young and beautiful lives and others that have been devastated and destroyed by the…  home josh!   will the 13 angry democrats & those who worked for president o, reveal their disqualifying conflicts of inte…  whole russia probe is rigged.  just an excuse as to why the dems and crooked hillary lost the election and stat…  spies, or “informants” as the democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister but it’s not, all…  failing @nytimes quotes “a senior white house official,” who doesn’t exist, as saying “even if the meeting were…  what the failing and corrupt new york times would like people to believe, there is zero disagreement within…  to very brave teacher & hero jason seaman of noblesville, indiana, for his heroic act in saving so many prec…  forward to seeing joshua holt this evening in the white house.  the great people of utah are celebrating! put pressure on the democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross th…  news about the release of the american hostage from venezuela.  should be landing in d. c.  this evening and be i…  are having very productive talks with north korea about reinstating the summit which, if it does happen, will li…  complain and obstruct.  they made only bad deals iran and their so-called trade deals are the laughing stock of the world! senator schumer and obama administration let phone company zte flourish with no security checks.  i closed it down t…  to watch the democrats criticize trade deals being negotiated by me when they don’t even know what the deals…  police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just won’t let them…  the @navalacademy class of 2018, i say: we know you are up to the task.  we know you will make us proud.  we know…  behalf of the american people, congratulations!  we love you!   it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 commencement address at the united states @navalacademy in annapol…  good news to receive the warm and productive statement from north korea.  we will soon see where it will lead,…  are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with north korea.  just like they are coming to th…  knows there was a spy, and in fact the people who were involved in the spying are admitting that there wa…  anyone even imagine having spies placed in a competing c by the people and party in absolute power, for…  democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an informant placed in an opposing party’s c i…  @realdonaldtrump: not surprisingly, the great men & women of the fbi are starting to speak out against comey, mccabe and all of the poli…rt @scavino45: last week after visiting flotus melania, potus trump went to visit wounded heroes at walter reed medical center.  he told the…rt @scavino45: today, president trump issued an executive grant of clemency full pardon posthumously to john arthur “jack” johnson, the f…rt @scavino45: cc: @potus @realdonaldtrump  @scavino45: today, @potus @realdonaldtrump welcomed 106-year-old pearl harbor veteran ray chavez of poway, california to the @whitehouse…today, it was my great honor to present the #medalofhonor to @usnavy seal master chief special warfare operator b…  it was my honor to sign #s2155, the economic growth, regulatory relief, and consumer protection act. ” read…  have decided to terminate the planned summit in singapore on june 12th.  while many things can happen and a great…  was my great honor to host a roundtable re: ms-13 yesterday in bethpage, new york.  democrats must abandon their…  i was forced to cancel the summit meeting in singapore with kim jong un.   surprisingly, the great men & women of the fbi are starting to speak out against comey, mccabe and all of the p…  has now admitted that there was spying in my c large dollars were paid to the spy, far beyond norma…  be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 6:00 a. m.  enjoy! great to be in new york for the day.  heading back to the @whitehouse now, lots of work to be done!   you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in bethpage, new york.  keep up the gre…  loopholes in our laws have enabled ms-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities -…  on long island, we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the ha…  you @sbalist!  #sbagala  hunt! there will be big news coming soon for our great american autoworkers.  after many decades of losing your jobs to ot…  legislation will be signed by me shortly.  after many years, right to try and big changes to dodd frank. our trade deal with china is moving along nicely, but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure…  should be happy that the fbi was spying on his c no, james clapper, i am not happy.  spying on a c  is with tomi lahren, a truly outstanding and respected young woman!  @foxandfriendsspygate could be one of the biggest political scandals in history! “it’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the trump c judge andrew napolitanolook how things have turned around on the criminal deep state.  they go after phony collusion with russia, a made up…   “new bombshell in the obama spying scandal.  did other agencies spy on trump c even clapper…  the money!  the spy was there early in the c and yet never reported collusion with russia, because…  the first time since roe v.  wade, america has a pro-life president, a pro-life vice president, a pro-life house…  was my honor to welcome @nascar cup series ch @martintruex_jr and his team to the @whitehouse yesterday!   it was my great honor to welcome president moon jae-in of the republic of korea to the @whitehouse! 🇺🇸🇰🇷  the great governor of arkansas, is in a primary tomorrow.  he has done an incredible job with a foc…  our potential deal with china, they will purchase from our great american farmers practically as much as our farmers can produce. the wall street journal asks, “where in the world was barack obama? ”  a very good question! they then used to start an investigation about trump.  it is that simple.  this guy is the genesis of this whole d…  of the fbi.  brennan started this entire debacle about president trump.  we now know that brennan had detaile…  brennan is panicking.  he has disgraced himself, he has disgraced the country, he has disgraced the entire int…  must continue to be strong & tight on the border of north korea until a deal is made.  the word is that recent…  china, barriers and tariffs to come down for first time. china has agreed to buy massive amounts of additional farm/agricultural products - would be one of the best things…  ask senator chuck schumer, why didn’t president obama & the democrats do something about trade with china, includ…  hereby demand, and will do so officially tomorrow, that the department of justice look into whether or not the fb…  @erictrump: it is emotional day being back at @stjude in celebration of our dear friend colin!  he was a beautiful child who we will all…the witch hunt finds no collusion with russia - so now they’re looking at the rest of the world.  oh’ great! . and why hasn’t the podesta brother been charged and arrested, like others, after being forced to close down his…  ever happened to the server, at the center of so much corruption, that the democratic national committee refus…  that the witch hunt has given up on russia and is looking at the rest of the world, they should easily be able…  the hillary clinton c where she deleted 33,000 emails, got $145,000,000 while secretary of state, paid…  what point does this soon to be $20,000,000 witch hunt, composed of 13 angry and heavily conflicted democrat…  are really getting ridiculous.  the failing and crooked but not as crooked as hillary clinton @nytimes has…  the fbi or doj was infiltrating a c for the benefit of another c that is a really big deal.  only…  to have our incredible first lady back home in the white house.  melania is feeling and doing really well.  tha…  #armedforcesday to our great military men and women for their selfless service to our nation!   @realdonaldtrump: we grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in…america is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance, including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal…  finally deserves a great governor, one who understands borders, crime and lowering taxes.  john cox is th…  met with un secretary-general antónio guterres who is working hard to “make the united nations great again. ” w…  is a nation that believes in the power of redemption.  america is a nation that believes in second chances -…  @steveforbesceo: . @realdonaldtrump speech on drug costs pays immediate dividends.  new @amgen drug lists at 30% less than expected.  middl…we grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack…  shooting in texas.  early reports not looking good.  god bless all! reports are there was indeed at least one fbi representative implanted, for political purposes, into my c fo…  isn’t disgraced fbi official andrew mccabe being investigated for the $700,000 crooked hillary democrats in vir…  news media had me calling immigrants, or illegal immigrants, “animals. ” wrong!  they were begrudgingly forced t…  the doj put a spy in the trump c this has never been done before and by any means necessary, th…  @whitehouse: #laurel?  #yanny?  or  was my great honor to visit with our heroes last night at walter reed medical center.  there is nobody like them!   the house will vote on a strong farm bill, which includes work requirements.  we must support our nation’s great farmers! great talk with my friend president mauricio macri of argentina this week.  he is doing such a good job for argentin…  trade with the vice premier of the people’s republic of china, liu he.   to our new cia director, gina haspel!   to the house for passing the va mission act yesterday.  without this funding our veterans will be forced to…  the disgusting, illegal and unwarranted witch hunt, we have had the most successful first 17 month administ…  word seems to be coming out that the obama fbi “spied on the trump c with an embedded informant. ” andre…  america, we are now into the second year of the greatest witch hunt in american historyand there…  haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the cia.  she is exceptionally qualified and th…  voted against the massive tax cut bill.  he’s also weak on borders and crime.  sadly, our great military and v…  barletta will be a great senator for pennsylvania but his opponent, bob casey, has been a do-nothing senator wh…  it was my great honor to welcome president mirziyoyev of uzbekistan to the @whitehouse!   votes today on choice/mission act.  who will stand with our great vets, caregivers, and veterans service organ…  even started yet!  the u. s.  has very little to give, because it has given so much over the years.  china has much to give! the washington post and cnn have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with china.  nothing h…  to deb fischer.  the people of nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box!  #magacongratulations to lou barletta of pennsylvania.  he will be a great senator and will represent his people well - li…  you to the washington examiner and @cortessteve on the great article - on winning!    is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year – the day we pay tribute to the law enforcement…  - make sure you get out to the polls and vote for deb fischer today!   you believe that with all of the made up, unsourced stories i get from the fake news media, together with the…  negotiations are continuing with china.  they have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the…  great first lady is doing really well.  will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days.  thank you for so much love and support! rt @scavino45: “job openings hit record high of 6. 6 million”  @scavino45: “trump is putting the us back on top”  over to walter reed medical center to see our great first lady, melania.  successful procedure, she is in go…  so-called leaks coming out of the white house are a massive over  exaggeration put out by the fake news media i…  the large chinese phone company, buys a big percentage of individual parts from u. s.  companies.  this is also r…   day for israel.  congratulations! u. s.  embassy opening in jerusalem will be covered live on @foxnews & @foxbusiness.  lead up to 9:00 a. m.  eastern e…  sad to see the terror attack in paris.  at some point countries will have to open their eyes & see what is really…  how badly iran was behaving with the iran deal in place.  they were trying to take over the middle east by…  and the united states are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in fav…  xi of china, and i, are working together to give massive chinese phone company, zte, a way to get back in…  mother’s day! ! !   senate should get funding done before the august break, or not go home.  wall and border security should be incl…  military budget is up more than 40% since the obama negotiated nuclear deal was reachedjust another indic…  korea has announced that they will dismantle nuclear test site this month, ahead of the big summit meeting on…  doesn’t the fake news media state that the trump administration’s anti-trust division has been, and is, opposed…  week next week when the american embassy in israel will be moved to jerusalem.  congratulations to all! the american people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them – not one that takes advantage of them.  we…  my administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs…  would suggest you read the complete testimony from tuesday.  a false narrative is so bad for our country.  i va…  concluded a great meeting with my intel team in the oval office who told me that what they said on tuesday at…  sadly, murder cases in mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017, to 33,341.  this is a big contributor to the humanita…  and the democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with iran.  they have no clue as to the danger they…  for china to open their markets not only to financial services, which they are now doing, but also to our m…  troops being sent to the southern border to stop the attempted invasion of illegals, through large caravans, i…  are becoming the party of late term abortion, high taxes, open borders and crime! republicans on the homeland security committee are wasting their time.  democrats, despite all of the evidence, proo…  representatives and i are trying to do a complete deal, leaving nothing unresolved on the table.  all of…  with their top leaders and representatives today in the oval office.  no final deal will be made until m…  top trade negotiators are in the u. s.  meeting with our representatives.  meetings are going well with good i…  murders up 33% in mexico, a record, why wouldn’t any sane person want to build a wall!  construction has starte…  just call them walls from now on and stop playing political games!  a wall is a wall! large sections of wall have already been built with much more either under construction or ready to go.  renovation…  great to watch & listen to all these people who write books & talk about my presidential c and so many ot…  protests all across venezuela today against maduro.  the fight for freedom has begun! spoke today with venezuelan interim president juan guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the pre…  just broke 25,000.  tremendous news! . a source of potential danger and conflict.  they are testing rockets last week and more, and are coming very c…  intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of iran.  they are wrong…  separate caravans marching to our border.  the numbers are tremendous. ” @foxandfriendsif the committee of republicans and democrats now meeting on border security is not discussing or contemplating a w…  will tell what will happen with north korea, but at the end of the previous administration, relationship wa…  continues but the people of afghanistan want peace in this never ending war.  we will soon see if talks…  i became president, isis was out of control in syria & running r since then tremendous progress made, e…  willing to negotiate with opposition in venezuela following u. s.  sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenu…  economy, right now, is the gold standard throughout the world. ” @ingrahamangle  so true, and not even close! a low level staffer that i hardly knew named cliff sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and…  does da nang dick blumenthal serve on the senate judiciary committee when he defrauded the american people ab…  the beautiful midwest, windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees, the coldest ever recorded.  in comin…  the media’s effort to destroy the president, they are actually destroying themselves.  given all of the tremendo…  schultz doesn’t have the “guts” to run for president!  watched him on @60minutes last night and i agree with…  states introducing bible literacy classes, giving students the option of studying the bible.  starting to make a turn back?  great! tariffs on the “dumping” of steel in the united states have totally revived our steel industry.  new and expanded pl…  all that i have done for the military, our great veterans, judges 99, justices 2, tax & regulation cuts,…  thought i’d say this but i think @johnrobertsfox and @gillianhturner @foxnews have even less understanding of…  a wall & crime will fall!    @gop: “300 people are dying from heroin overdoses a week in this country, 90% of it is coming over the southern border… we’ve got to sto…rt @kenpaxtontx: voter fraud alert: the @txsecofstate discovered approx 95,000 individuals identified by dps as non-u. s.  citizens have a ma…thank you to brit.  this is a very big deal in europe.  fake news is the enemy of the people!   @chatbycc: strong people stand up for themselves—but stronger people stand up for others. thank you president @realdonaldtrump for stan…jens stoltenberg, nato secretary general, just stated that because of me nato has been able to raise far more money…  are not even into february and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18,959,495,168.  cost friday…  non-citizens voted in texas, with 95,000 non-citizens registered to vote.  these numbers are just the tip of…  hunt! . about all of the one sided fake media coverage collusion with crooked h?  that i had to endure during my very…  reports that in the roger stone indictment, data was “released during the 2016 election to damage hillary clint…  falls quickly at buzzfeed and huffpost! ” headline, new york post.  fake news and bad journalism have caused a bi…  fools, or people with a political agenda, don’t want a wall or steel barrier to protect our country from crime…  a wall & crime will fall!   absolutely need a physical barrier or wall, whatever you want to call it.  the president yesterday laid all that…  you to the republican national committee, the rnc, who voted unanimously yesterday to support me in the upc…  have turned away, at great expense, two major caravans, but a big one has now formed and is coming.  at least 800…  days goes very quickly.  negotiations with democrats will start immediately.  will not be easy to make a deal, bot…  like the fact that the president is making the case border security & crime to the american people.  now we kno…  roger stone was indicted for lying to congress, what about the lying done by comey, brennan, clapper, lisa page…  wish people would read or listen to my words on the border wall.  this was in no way a concession.  it was taking c…  witch hunt in the history of our country!  no collusion!  border coyotes, drug dealers and human traffickers…  third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest…  earnings coming out of stock market.  too bad media doesn’t devote much time to this! nancy just said she “just doesn’t understand why? ” very simply, without a wall it all doesn’t work.  our country has…  a wall there cannot be safety and security at the border or for the u. s. a.  build the wall and crime will fall! back home where they belong, no more rockets or m’s being fired over japan or anywhere else and, most importantl…  fake news media loves saying “so little happened at my first summit with kim jong un. ” wrong!  after 40 years of…  interesting that bad lawyer michael cohen, who sadly will not be testifying before congress, is using the lawyer…  economy is doing great.  more people working in u. s. a.  today than at any time in our history.  media barely covers!  @foxandfriends“this is everything fdr dreamed about, the new deal to put america back to work.  think of lbj, he gave people food…  great new book just out, “game of thorns,” by doug wead, presidential historian and best selling author.  the book…  venue for the sotu address because there is no venue that can compete with the history, tradition a…  the shutdown was going on, nancy pelosi asked me to give the state of the union address.  i agreed.  she then chan…  historic results of president donald j.  trump’s first two years in office”  trump haters like msnbc acknowledge you “build a wall & crime will fall! ”  citizens of venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate maduro regime.  today, i have…  a wall & crime will fall! build a wall & crime will fall!  this is the new theme, for two years until the wall is finished under construction…  unity in the republican party.  want to, once and for all, put an end to stoppable crime and drugs!  border security and wall.  no doubt! deroy murdock, national review: “we are now exporting oil, which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right no…  to mariano rivera on unanimously being elected to the national baseball hall of fame!  not only a gr…  crooked hillary law firm, represented by her lawyer michael sussmann do you believe this?  who worked baker…  fbi top lawyer james baker just admitted involvement in fisa warrant and further admitted there  were irregu…  reason sarah sanders does not go to the “podium” much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely & inaccura…  united states has a great economic story to tell.  number one in the world, by far! last time i went to davos, the fake news said i should not go there.  this year, because of the shutdown, i decided…  seen @senatemajldr and republicans so united on an issue as they are on the humanitarian crisis & security on…  poll shows president trump’s approval rating among latinos going to 50%, an increase in one year of…  top lawyer confirms “unusual steps. ” they relied on the clinton c fake & unverified “dossier,” which i…  a wall our country can never have border or national security.  with a powerful wall or steel barrier, crime…  democrats are playing politics with border security. ”  @foxandfriendsnick sandmann and the students of covington have become symbols of fake news and how evil it can be.  they have capt…  @kayajones: i want to show other celebrities who voted for @realdonaldtrump it’s ok to come forward.  better yet let’s show the world how…looking like nick sandman & covington catholic students were treated unfairly with early judgements proving out to…  are kidding themselves they don’t really believe it!  if they say you can stop crime, drugs, human traff…  people in nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our country. …  nancy pelosi thinks that walls are “immoral,” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing wal…  posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to u. s.  trade tensions and new policies.  makes so much sense fo…  it was my great honor to visit the martin luther king jr.  memorial with @vp mike pence, in honor of #mlkday  @realdonaldtrump: to all of the great people who are working so hard for your country and not getting paid i say, thank you - you are gr…democrats c on working within washington and “getting things done! ” how is that working out?  #2020takebackthehousetoday we celebrate dr.  martin luther king, jr.  for standing up for the self-evident truth americans hold so dear, t…  year was the best year for american manufacturing job growth since 1997, or 21 years.  the previous administrat…  president in modern times has kept more promises than donald trump! ” thank you bill bennett @stevehiltonxcurt schilling deserves to be in the baseball hall of fame.  great record, especially when under pressure and when i…  @donaldjtrumpjr: maybe the left will one day stop trying desperately to destroy my family and especially @realdonaldtrump.  till then the…congratulations to bob kraft, bill belichick, tom brady and the entire new england patriots team on a great game an…  all of the great people who are working so hard for your country and not getting paid i say, thank you - you are…  @whitehouse: the historic results of president donald j.  trump’s first two years in office:  @vp: honored to serve as @potus trump’s vice president these past two years, working to deliver historic results for the american people…a truly great first lady who doesn’t get the credit she deserves!   james!   @gopchairwoman: so many accomplishments from @realdonaldtrump and his administration over the past two years!  @budgetgop: today - @senatorenzi welcomed new @budgetgop members @senatorbraun, @senrickscott and @senkevincramer  do a fantastic job!   @senjohnhoeven: the president outlined a compromise proposal to strengthen border security & end the partial government shutdown.  read m…rt @jerrymoran: this proposal, which incorporates provisions similar to legislation i introduced earlier this month with @senrobportman, in…rt @senatorlankford: the president offered a reasonable compromise today to reopen the remainder of the government, and i look forward to c…rt @jiminhofe: it is true and i'm glad to stand with you on this @realdonaldtrump.  the democrats need to come to the table so we can secure…rt @repmarkmeadows: this is the latest and most significant step yet of potus showing his willingness to negotiate and compromise with demo…rt @senjohnthune: my statement on @potus’s proposal to end the shutdown:  @marcorubio: @potus offers to support 2 bills sponsored by dems tps & daca extensionsin exchange for border security something democr…rt @senthomtillis: my statement on the president’s proposal to end the partial government #shutdown through a compromise on border security…rt @senrobportman: . @potus has laid out a constructive new proposal that contains the basis for a bipartisan agreement.  it includes many of…rt @vp: today @potus proposed a common sense plan to secure our border, reopen our government, and keep americans safe.  now it’s time for c…rt @lindseygrahamsc: a fantastic proposal mr.   president!  let's get it done!   @senatorwicker: i support president @realdonaldtrump's plan.  i will absolutely vote for this proposal when @senatemajldr brings up the b…rt @sendavidperdue: president trump again spoke directly to the american people about the national security crisis at our southern border. …rt @marklevinshow: i strongly support president trump’s immigration proposal today.   pelosi & schumer rejected it even before the president…rt @gopleader: president trump has put forward a serious and reasonable offer to reform parts of our broken immigration system and reopen g…rt @gop: “i commend the president for his leadership in proposing this bold solution to reopen the government, secure the border, and take…rt @gopchairwoman: spot on.   @charliekirk11: breaking:a new npr/pbs newshour/marist poll shows hispanic-latino approval of president donald trump’s job performance… media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with north korea.  think of where we were…  you david!   forget, we are building and renovating big sections of wall right now.  moving quickly, and will cost far less…  just heard that my poll numbers with hispanics has gone up 19%, to 50%.  that is because they know the border i…  i am still thinking about the state of the union speech, there are so many options - including doing it as p…  pelosi has behaved so irrationally & has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a radical…  amnesty is not a part of my offer.  it is a 3 year extension of daca.  amnesty will be used only on a much bigger…  pelosi and some of the democrats turned down my offer yesterday before i even got up to speak.  they don’t see…  careful and try staying in your house.  large parts of the country are suffering from  tremendous amounts of snow…  heard that as president, “it’s all about the economy! ” well, we have one of the best economies in the histor…  will be live from the white house at 4:00 p. m. mexico is doing nothing to stop the caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the united states.  we stopped…  people are saying that the mainstream media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the wa…  economy is one of the best in our history, with unemployment at a 50 year low, and the stock market ready to ag…  just stated that there has been no president since abraham lincoln who has been treated worse or mor…  be leaving for dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our country! fake news is truly the enemy of the people! rt @geraldorivera: this is just the most egregious ex of the r unfairness that has tainted this partisan witch-hunt from the beg…rt @geraldorivera: at what point in fairness-after 2 years do americans of good will say enough already?  if the #specialcounsel had collusi…remember it was buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “dossier,” paid for by crooked hillary clinton and t…  @carminezozzora: by the time their fake news c are fully exposed they’ve already moved on to their next fake news ca g…rt @chatbycc: the buzzfeed bombshell bombed.  it blew up in their face and the rest of the fake news are casualties too. rt @ryanafournier: the reporters never saw the evidence.  they went off of a source who said it was “credible”.  this isn’t journalism.  con… @lindasuhler: dear god,thank you for answering our prayers. a grateful nation#godblessamerica🇺🇸 #presidenttrump #electionday  @gopchairwoman: the entire premise of this story, which received wall-to-wall coverage, was based on evidence the reporters admitted t…rt @parscale: this is just one of many fake news stories over the last several years.  sad so many journalists have lost their integrity.  i…rt @dbongino: latino job approval of trump surges in midst of govt shutdown over border wall funding  @dbongino: when are we going to start investigating the real collusion scandal?  the collusion between the clinton & obama teams and fore…rt @sebgorka: we will b protected by grt men & women of r military & law enforcmt & most importantly, we will b protected by god  @dbongino: we called it.  fake news! “more buzzfeed b. s. ”  @johncardillo: i told you all that the buzzfeed story was nonsense.   a son who loves his dad.  nice!   @schnurrezueri: @sethweathers @buzzfeednews sadly so many will never get the memo that it was fake! i will be making a major announcement concerning the humanitarian crisis on our southern border, and the shutdown,…  first! make america great again! never seen the republican party so unified.  no “cave” on the issue of border and national security.  a beautiful thi…  corke, @foxnews “don’t forget, michael cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud, and as recently…  big caravan heading our way.  very hard to stop without a wall! “it’s the democrats keeping everything closed. ” @jiminhofe  so true! why would nancy pelosi leave the country with other democrats on a seven day excursion when 800,000 great people ar…  rancher: “we’ve found prayer rugs out here.  it’s unreal. ”  washington examiner   people coming across the so…  jarrett: “mueller’s prosecutors knew the “dossier” was the product of bias and deception. ” it was a fake, jus…  2018 alone, 20,000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the border, and there…  you to amy kremer, women for trump co-founder, for doing such a great interview with martha maccallumand b…  @realdonaldtrump: for decades, politicians promised to secure the border, fix our trade deals, bring back our factories, get tough on ch…rt @realdonaldtrump: . i am doing exactly what i pledged to do, and what i was elected to do by the citizens of our great country.  just a…rt @lrihendry: @realdonaldtrump they are eaten alive by hate for our president & his voters!  they care more about illegal immigrants than…so funny to watch schumer groveling.  he called for the firing of bad cop james comey many times - until i fired him! the left has become totally unhinged.  they no longer care what is right for our countrty! it is becoming more and more obvious that the radical democrats are a party of open borders and crime.  they want no…  are now 77 major or significant walls built around the world, with 45 countries planning or building walls.  o…  being with the national ch clemson tigers last night at the white house.  because of the shutdown i serv…  @clemsonfb!   is nancy pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not? rt @tomfitton: we must stand with the rule of law against the coup targeting @realdonaldtrump.    @tomfitton: for the first time in a generation, we have a president who is beginning to tell the truth about the crisis on the border.  @…rt @paulsperry_: soby the fbi's post-trump standards for c. i.  investigations, would this off-mike exchange between obama & putin's deput…rt @paulsperry_: breaking: inspector general michael horowitz still does not have all of peter strzok's and lisa page's texts, even though…rt @charliekirk11: great again:prior to 2018, unemployment has only been below 4% 5 times since 1970under donald trump, in 2018, unempl…rt @charliekirk11: no one accused obama of being a russian agent after he asked for “more flexibility” until after the the election, or whe…rt @mzhemingway: nyt reveals fbi retaliated against trump for lawfully firing comey  @donaldjtrumpjr: since january 1, neither cnn nor msnbc has booked a single angel mom — mothers of children brutally murdered by illegal…rt @donaldjtrumpjr: worth the read.  i’m a senior trump official, and i hope a long shutdown smokes out the resistance  @parisdennard: i trust a rancher on the southern border more than a liberal politician from northern california  are now showing that people are beginning to understand the humanitarian crisis and crime at the border.  numb…  big new caravan is heading up to our southern border from honduras.  tell nancy and chuck that a drone flying arou…  will be spending 800 million dollars in chattanooga, tennessee.  they will be making electric cars.  congr…  announced that veterans unemployment has reached an 18 year low, really good news for our vets and their famil…  rank and file of the fbi are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about lyin’ james comey…  am doing exactly what i pledged to do, and what i was elected to do by the citizens of our great country.  jus…  decades, politicians promised to secure the border, fix our trade deals, bring back our factories, get tough on…  w/ president erdogan of turkey to advise where we stand on all matters including our last two weeks of succes…  @donaldjtrumpjr: ‘angel mom’ demands trump’s wall, ‘we’ve become collateral damage’  @donaldjtrumpjr: silence of the moms: media refuse to discuss angel families  via @breitbartnewsrt @whitehouse: president trump delivers remarks at the american farm bureau federation's 100th annual convention  ready to go on stage at the #afbf100 in new orleans - packed house!  i will try and match the great game pla…  fake news gets crazier and more dishonest every single day.  amazing to watch as certain people covering me, and…  in puerto rico as shutdown hits day 24. ” @foxandfriendsnancy and cryin’ chuck can end the shutdown in 15 minutes.  at this point it has become their, and the democrats, fault! i’ve been waiting all weekend.  democrats must get to work now.  border must be secured! rt @gopchairwoman: smugglers are flooding our communities with drugs. *300 americans die each week from heroin, 90% of it comes from south…rt @gopchairwoman: economic policies that @realdonaldtrump and @ivankatrump have ch are producing some fantastic results for americ…rt @geraldorivera: based on the record, the allegation/suggestion that the #fbi came close to investigating @realdonaldtrump as a russian s…rt @gopchairwoman: chuck schumer and nancy pelosi are not negotiating in good faith with @realdonaldtrump.  instead, congressional democra…rt @gopchairwoman: it didn't get the attention it deserved, but @realdonaldtrump recently signed a bill into law that will empower women al…“gas prices drop across the united states because president trump has deregulated energy and we are now  producing…  is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the united states, as we have known it, is going t…  trump portrait of an unsustainable border crisis is dead on.  “in the last two years, ice officers made 266,000…  line in the elizabeth warren beer catastrophe is, to her husband, “thank you for being here.  i’m glad you’re h…  elizabeth warren, often referred to by me as pocahontas, did this commercial from bighorn or wounded knee instea…  sorry to hear the news about jeff bozo being taken down by a competitor whose reporting, i understand, is far mo…  do not want the kurds to provoke turkey.  russia, iran and syria have been the biggest beneficiaries o…  the long overdue pullout from syria while hitting the little remaining isis territorial caliphate hard, an…  i could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the white house and looking outside at the snow…  of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in texas prisons.  most…  damage done to our country from a badly broken border - drugs, crime and so much that is bad - is far greater t…  in the white house, waiting.  the democrats are everywhere but washington as people await their pay.  they are ha…  building of the wall on the southern border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire country! democrats are saying that daca is not worth it and don’t want to include in talks.  many hispanics will be coming ov…  will be interviewed by jeanine pirro at 9:00 p. m.  on @foxnews.  watch @jessebwatters before and @greggutfeld after…  have a massive humanitarian crisis at our southern border.  we will be out for a long time unless the democrats c…  do have a plan on the shutdown.  but to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that i won…  just watched a fake reporter from the amazon washington post say the white house is “chaotic, there does not seem…  could solve the shutdown in 15 minutes!  call your dem senator or congresswoman/man.  tell them to get it done!  humanitarian crisis. 23% of federal inmates are illegal immigrants.  border arrests are up 240%.  in the great state of texas, between 201…  should come back to washington and work to end the shutdown, while at the same time ending the horrible h…  james comey, andrew mccabe, peter s and his lover, agent lisa page, & more, all disgraced and/or fired and ca…  have been far tougher on russia than obama, bush or clinton.  maybe tougher than any other president.  at the same…  is being totally protected by his best friend, bob mueller, & the 13 angry democrats - leaking machines wh…  fbi was in complete turmoil see n. y.  post because of comey’s poor leadership and the way he handled the c…  thing about james comey.  everybody wanted him fired, republican and democrat alike.  after the rigged & bot…  just learned in the failing new york times that the corrupt former leaders of the fbi, almost all fired or for…  called a san diego news station @kusinews for negative reports on the wall.  when the station said that wall…  prices declined in 2018, the first time in nearly half a century.  during the first 19 months of my administrat…  look forward to hosting, right out of the great state of south carolina, the 2019 ncaa football ch clemson…  @whitehouse: this is common sense.  congress must pass a bill that ends the crisis at our border.   @whitehouse: this afternoon, president trump hosted a roundtable discussion with state, local, and community leaders, who spoke on how t…the fake news media keeps saying we haven’t built any new wall.  below is a section just completed on the border.  an…  steel barrier, or wall, should have been built by previous administrations long ago.  they never got it done…  crisis at our southern border.  i just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone woul…  holders in the united states can rest assured that changes are soon coming which will bring both simplicity an…  often said during rallies, with little variation, that “mexico will pay for the wall. ” we have just signed a grea…  i took the oath of office.   lose 300 americans a week, 90% of which comes through the southern border.  these numbers will be drastically reduced if we have a wall! will be interviewed at the border by @seanhannity on @foxnews tonight at 9:00.  enjoy! dear diary  the southern border.   @senategop: why do we need border security?  this is why.  these are the facts.  #secureourborder  of the democrats intransigence on border security and the great importance of safety for our nation, i am r…  obama, thank you for your great support – i have been saying this all along!   america great again! getting ready to leave for the great state of texas!  #maga“great support for border security and the wall. ” @foxandfriends  even greater than anyone would know!  “presidents…  is great unity with the republicans in the house and senate, despite the fake news media working in overdrive…  chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that i “slammed the table & walked out of th…  @dbongino: new poll: vast majority of voters believe there is crisis or problem at u. s.  border  @charliekirk11: governor ron desantis suspends the horrible sheriff scott israel who is largely responsible for the errors leading up to…rt @charliekirk11: did you know:at our southern border, in 2018:1. 7 million pounds of narcotics were seized17,000 criminals were arre…rt @charliekirk11: president trump is winning this shutdown fightdemocrats have no message, and are refusing to open government because t…rt @charliekirk11: this is why we need a wallillegal immigration is a serious threat to our country90% of all heroin comes across the b…gave an off the record luncheon, somewhat of a white house tradition or custom, to network anchors yesterday - and…  mainstream media has never been more dishonest than it is now.  nbc and msnbc are going crazy.  they report stori…  left a meeting with chuck and nancy, a total waste of time.  i asked what is going to happen in 30 days if i qu…  you to all of america's brave police, deputies, sheriffs, and federal law enforcement on national law enforce…  of dollars are sent to the state of california for forest fires that, with proper forest management, would…  country is doing so well in so many ways.  great jobs numbers, with a record setting december.  we are rebuilding…  you for soooo many nice comments regarding my oval office speech.  a very interesting experience!  to a truly great football team, the clemson tigers, on an incredible win last night against a power…  with china are going very well! “the president is the biggest and best supporter of the steel industry in many years.  we are now doing really well. …  numbers looking really good.  can you imagine if i had long term zero interest rates to play with like the…  wars, especially those which are fought out of judgement mistakes that were made many years ago, & those wh…  am pleased to inform you that i will address the nation on the humanitarian and national security crisis on our s…  failing new york times has knowingly written a very inaccurate story on my intentions on syria.  no different fr…  adam smith, the new chairman of the house armed services committee, just stated, “yes, there is a provi…  fake news media in our country is the real opposition party.  it is truly the enemy of the people!  we must b…  fake news will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the trump administration, an…  all of the success that our country is having, including the just released jobs numbers which are off the char…  mike pence and group had a productive meeting with the schumer/pelosi representatives today.  many details of b…  great military has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the uss cole.  we…  to see our friends in egypt opening the biggest cathedral in the middle east.  president el-sisi is moving h…  @realdonaldtrump: how do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong no collusion…rt @realdonaldtrump: as i have stated many times, if the democrats take over the house or senate, there will be disruption to the financial…. the only reason they do not want to build a wall is that walls work!  99% of our illegal border crossings will e…  simply cannot allow people to pour into the united states undetected, undocumented, unchecked” barrack obama…  be going to camp david tomorrow morning for meetings on border security and many other topics with @whitehouse senior staff. ap-norc poll: “immigration among the top concerns in 2019. ” people want to stop drugs and criminals at the border. …  number of employed americans has now set a 14th record under president trump.  over the year, average hourly ea…  up big, plus 312,000.  record number working.  manufacturing best in 20 years previous administration said thi…  mike pence and team just left the white house.  briefed me on their meeting with the schumer/pelosi representat…  makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing.  not being fair to the consumer, or to our country! “former @nytimes editor jill abramson rips paper's ‘unmistakably anti-trump’ bias. ”ms.  abramson is 100% correct. …  tweet today by tyler q.  houlton @spoxdhs on the #fakenews being put out by @cnn, a proud member of the opposi…  democrats want billions of dollars for foreign aid, but they don’t want to spend a small fraction of that numbe…  are working hard at the border, but we need a wall!   in 2018, 1. 7 million pounds of narcotics seized, 17,000 adu…  don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are democrats, i want to stop the shutdown as soon as we are…  people currently a part of my opposition, including president obama & the dems, have had c violations,…  democrats could solve the shutdown problem in a very short period of time.  all they have to do is approve real…  support coming from all sides for border security including wall on our very dangerous southern border.  tea…  you to kanye west for your nice words.  criminal justice reform is now law - passed in a very bipartisan way! great new book by dr.  robert jeffress, “choosing the extraordinary life. ” get it and enjoy!   @loudobbsthe story in the new york times regarding jim webb being considered as the next secretary of defense is fake news. …  growth surges by 312,000 in december”  jobs numbers just announced! how do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong no collus…  i have stated many times, if the democrats take over the house or senate, there will be disruption to the financ…  trump deserves a lot of credit, but again, you have the anti-trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit. ”michael pillsbury interviewed by @cvpayne: “they have the motive of making the president look bad – instead of pres…  rnc has a great chairwoman in ronna mcdaniel and the @gop has never been stronger.  we achieved historic wins wi…  united states treasury has taken in many billions of dollars from the tariffs we are charging china and other c…  shutdown is only because of the 2020 presidential election.  the democrats know they can’t win based on all of t…  list: 205 ‘historic results’ help trump make case for 2020 re-election”  there can be no real border security without the wall! i remain ready and willing to work with democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders, supports the agents a…  meeting today on border security with republican and democrat leaders in congress.  both parties must work…  is paying for the wall through the new usmca trade deal.  much of the wall has already been fully renovated o…  we go with mitt romney, but so fast!  question will be, is he a flake?   i hope not.  would much prefer that mitt…  far too long senate democrats have been obstructing more than 350 nominations.  these great americans left their…  you think it’s just luck that gas prices are so low, and falling?  low gas prices are like another tax cut! “kim jong un says north korea will not make or test nuclear weapons, or give them to others - & he is ready to meet…  examiner - “maga list: 205 ‘historic results’ help trump make case for 2020 re-election. ”  true! gas prices are low and expected to go down this year.  this would be good! border security and the wall “thing” and shutdown is not where nancy pelosi wanted to start her tenure as speaker!  let’s make a deal? congratulations to president @jairbolsonaro who just made a great inauguration speech - the u. s. a.  is with you! one thing has now been proven.  the democrats do not care about open borders and all of the crime and drugs that open borders bring! “general” mcchrystal got fired like a dog by obama.  last assignment a total bust.  known for big, dumb mouth.  hillar…  @realdonaldtrump: . senator schumer, more than a year longer than any other administration in history.  these are people who have been…rt @realdonaldtrump: heads of countries are calling wanting to know why senator schumer is not approving their otherwise approved ambassado…rt @gopchairwoman: . @realdonaldtrump made sure the men and women of the coast guard continue to get paid during the #schumershutdown.  mea…rt @gopchairwoman: jobless claims fell last week to a 49-year low.  yet another sign that @realdonaldtrump’s economic policies are working a…the democrats, much as i suspected, have allocated no money for a new wall.  so imaginative!  the problem is, without…  new year! happy new year to everyone, including the haters and the fake news media!  2019 will be a fantastic year for those n…  sebastian gorka, a very good and talented guy, has a great new book just out, “why we fight. ” lots of insight - enjoy! rt @whitehouse: 2018 has been a year of historic accomplishments!   this.  throughout the ages some things never get better and never change.  you have walls and you have wh…  democrats will probably submit a bill, being cute as always, which gives everything away but gives nothing to b…  is paying for the wall through the many billions of dollars a year that the u. s. a.  is saving through the new…  new year!   schumer, more than a year longer than any other administration in history.  these are people who have be…  of countries are calling wanting to know why senator schumer is not approving their otherwise approved ambass…  incredible how democrats can all use their ridiculous sound bite and say that a wall doesn’t work.  it does, an…  in the oval office.  democrats, come back from vacation now and give us the votes necessary for border security,…  am the only person in america who could say that, “i’m bringing our great troops back home, with victory,” and ge…  c on border security, which you cannot have without a strong and powerful wall.  our southern border has…  the results are far better than i ever said they were going to be!  i c against the never ending wars, remember! i c on getting out of syria and other places.  now when i start getting out the fake news media, or some…  anybody but donald trump did what i did in syria, which was an isis loaded mess when i became president, they wo…  all concrete wall was never abandoned, as has been reported by the media.  some areas will be all concrete but th…  and mrs.  obama built/has a ten foot wall around their d. c.  mansion/compound.  i agree, totally necessary f…  work by my administration over the holidays to save coast guard pay during this #schumershutdown.  no thanks t…  on president trump’s handling of border security - 62% approval rating.  on being a strong leader - 59%.   ap poll.  thank you! “it turns out to be true now, that the department of justice and the fbi, under president obama, rigged the investi…  nothing” on russian collusion.  kimberley strassel, the wall street journal.  the russian collusion fab…  is being called “the year of the worker” by steve moore, co-author of “trumponomics. ” it was indeed a great ye…  those that naively ask why didn’t the republicans get approval to build the wall over the last year, it is beca…  in question were very sick before they were given over to border patrol.  the father of the young girl s…  deaths of children or others at the border are strictly the fault of the democrats and their pathetic immigrati…  had a long and very good call with president xi of china.  deal is moving along very well.  if made, it will be…  am in the white house waiting for the democrats to come on over and make a deal on border security.  from what i h…  mueller angry democrats recently deleted approximately 19,000 text messages between fbi agent lisa page and her…  you to sean parnell for the nice comments on @foxandfriends about the troops wonderful reaction to melania an…  guatemala and el salvador are doing nothing for the united states but taking our money.  word is that…  the southern border.  bring our car industry back into the united states where it belongs.  go back to pre…  united states looses soooo much money on trade with mexico under nafta, over 75 billion dollars a year not…  will be forced to close the southern border entirely if the obstructionist democrats do not give us the money to…  & others within the fake news universe were going wild about my signing maga hats for our military in iraq and…  isn’t about the wall, everybody knows that a wall will work perfectly in israel the wall works 99. 9%.  this i…  blakeman: “the american people understand that we have been played by foreign actors who would rather have us…  totally agree!   is right now a full scale manhunt going on in california for an illegal immigrant accused of shooting and kil…  patrol agents want the wall. ” democrat’s say they don’t want the wall even though they know it is really n…  reason the daca for wall deal didn’t get done was that a ridiculous court decision from the 9th circuit allowed…  democrats obstruction of the desperately needed wall, where they almost all recently agreed it should be built,…  the democrats finally realized that we desperately need border security and a wall on the southern border.  nee…  returned from visiting our troops in iraq and germany.  one thing is certain, we have incredible people represe…  melania and i were honored to visit our incredible troops at al asad air base in iraq.  god bless the u. s. a…  hope everyone, even the fake news media, is having a great christmas!  our country is doing very well.  we are secu…  christmas! rt @flotus: helping children across the country track #santa is becoming one of my favorite traditions!   @potus and i enjoyed working with…i am in the oval office & just gave out a 115 mile long contract for another large section of the wall in texas.  we…  eve briefing with my team working on north korea – progress being made.  looking forward to my next summit…  am all alone poor me in the white house waiting for the democrats to come back and make a deal on desperately n…  arabia has now agreed to spend the necessary money needed to help rebuild syria, instead of the united states…  wall is different than the 25 billion dollars in border security.  the complete wall will be built with the shut…  never “lashed out” at the acting attorney general of the u. s. , a man for whom i have great respect.  this is a mad…  only problem our economy has is the fed.  they don’t have a feel for the market, they don’t understand necessary…  is respected again! for all of the sympathizers out there of brett mcgurk remember, he was the obama appointee who was responsible for…  are substantially subsidizing the militaries of many very rich countries all over the world, while at the sa…  those few senators who think i don’t like or appreciate being allied with other countries, they are wrong, i do. …  every democrat we are dealing with today strongly supported a border wall or fence.  it was only when i ma…  @rt_erdogan of turkey has very strongly informed me that he will eradicate whatever is left of isis in sy…  president has been remarkable.  i do not doubt that he will thrive in this new environment, and he will be a co…  most important way to stop gangs, drugs, human trafficking and massive crime is at our southern border.  we need…  mcconnell just told a group of people, and me, that he has been in the u. s.  senate for 32 years and the last…  should not be the job of america to replace regimes around the world.  this is what president trump recognized i…  @randpaul  “i am very proud of the president.  this is exactly what he promised, and i think the people agree…  corker was responsible for giving us the horrible iran nuclear deal, which i ended, yet he badmouths me fo…  bob corker just stated that, “i’m so priveledged to serve in the senate for twelve years, and that’s what i…  signed two pieces of major legislation this week, criminal justice reform and the farm bill.  these are two big d…  devastation from the tsunami disaster in indonesia.  more than two hundred dead and nearly a thousand in…  just had a long and productive call with president @rt_erdogan of turkey.  we discussed isis, our mutual involveme…  am pleased to announce that our very talented deputy secretary of defense, patrick shanahan, will assume the titl…  only way to stop drugs, gangs, human trafficking, criminal elements and much else from coming into our country…  president obama ingloriously fired jim mattis, i gave him a second chance.  some thought i shouldn’t, i thought…  anybody but your favorite president, donald j.  trump, announced that, after decimating isis in syria, we were go…  mcgurk, who i do not know, was appointed by president obama in 2015.  was supposed to leave in february but he…  will not be going to florida because of the shutdown - staying in the white house!   #magasenate adjourns until december 27th. i won an election, said to be one of the greatest of all time, based on getting out of endless & costly foreign war…  crisis of illegal activity at our southern border is real and will not stop until we build a great steel barrie…  be having lunch in white house residence with large group concerning border security. . going to be there for three months, and that was seven years ago - we never left.  when i became president, isis…  am in the white house, working hard.  news reports concerning the shutdown and syria are mostly fake.  we are negot…  great country must have border security!   supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg a full and speedy recovery! some of the many bills that i am signing in the oval office right now.  cancelled my trip on air force one to florid…  design of our steel slat barrier which is totally effective while at the same time beautiful!   it was my honor to sign into law h. r.  7213, the “countering weapons of mass destruction act of 2018. ” the ac…  it was my great honor to sign the #firststepact - a monumental bi-partisan win for the american people!   done more damage to isis than all recent presidents. not even close! the democrats now own the shutdown! general anthony tata, author, “dark winter. ” i think the president is making the exact right move in syria.  all the…  has never been a president who has been tougher but fair on china or russia - never, just look at the facts…  you @stevedaines for being willing to go with the so-called nuclear option in order to win on desperately nee…  use the nuclear option and get it done!  our country is counting on you! even president ronald reagan tried for 8 years to build a border wall, or fence, and was unable to do so.  others al…  today if democrats do not vote for border security! house republican vote, 217-185. the democrats, whose votes we need in the senate, will probably vote against border security and the wall even thou…  matter what happens today in the senate, republican house members should be very proud of themselves.  they flew…  a border is only effective in conjunction with a wall.  properly designed and built walls work, and the demo…  democrats are trying to belittle the concept of a wall, calling it old fashioned.  the fact is there is nothing…  mitch mcconnell should fight for the wall and border security as hard as he fought for anything.  he will ne…  to be speaker nancy pelosi said, last week live from the oval office, that the republicans didn’t have the vot…  you to our great republican members of congress for your vote to fund border security and the wall.  the final…  general mattis was a great help to me in getting allies and other countries to pay their share of mi…  jim mattis will be retiring, with distinction, at the end of february, after having served my administratio…  it is time to come together and put the safety of the american people before politics.  border security m…  bill signing in 15 minutes!  #emmys #tbt  hard to believe that lindsey graham would be against saving soldier lives & billions of $$$.  why are we fighting…  just passed the criminal justice reform bill known as the #firststepact.  congratulations!  this is a great…  i begrudgingly signed the omnibus bill, i was promised the wall and border security by leadership.  would be do…  @realdonaldtrump: after historic victories against isis, it’s time to bring our great young people home!   so much talk about the wall, people are losing sight of the great job being done on our southern border by bor…  democrats, who know steel slats wall are necessary for border security, are putting politics over country.  wh…  iran, syria & many others are not happy about the u. s.  leaving, despite what the fake news says, becaus…  the usa want to be the policeman of the middle east, getting nothing but spending precious lives and trillions…  out of syria was no surprise.  i’ve been c on it for years, and six months ago, when i very public…  proud of the president today to hear that he is declaring victory in syria. ” senator rand paul.   “i couldn’t a…  gets no credit for what he’s done in the middle east. ”  @ingrahamangle  so true, thank you laura! col.  jim carafano on @ingrahamangle “trump has made the middle east a better place.  when trump came into office, is…  @govmikehuckabee: it took a british court to reveal it, but more shocking evidence of the real russian collusion and it wasn't about @…after historic victories against isis, it’s time to bring our great young people home!   any event, it goes on and on & the new ag, who is now being replaced by yet another ag who openly c  ag eric schneiderman, who has since resigned over horrific women abuse, when i wanted to close the fou…  trump foundation has done great work and given away lots of money, both mine and others, to great charities ove…  have defeated isis in syria, my only reason for being there during the trump presidency. mexico is paying indirectly for the wall through the new usmca, the replacement for nafta!  far more money coming…  our country, so much money has been poured down the drain, for so many years, but when it comes to border securi…  will keep our communities safer, and provide hope and a second chance, to those who earn it.  in addition t…  is the greatest country in the world and my job is to fight for all citizens, even those who have made mist…  will be beautiful and, at the same time, give our country the security that our citizens deserve.  it will go…  democrats, are saying loud and clear that they do not want to build a concrete wall - but we are not building a…  to @marthamcsally on her appointment by governor @dougducey as the great new senator from arizona -…  donald j.  trump’s commission on school safety examined ways to make our schools safe for all students an…  @vp: today, @potus trump will direct the @deptofdefense to establish a combatant command that will oversee all of our military activitie…rt @flotus: merry christmas from president donald j.  trump and first lady melania trump.  @potus & @flotus are seen saturday, december 15, i…michael isikoff was the first to report dossier allegations and now seriously doubts the dossier claims.  the whole…  never be proven and are likely false. ”  thank you to michael isikoff, yahoo, for honesty.  what this means…  dossier reporter now doubts dopey christopher steele’s claims!  “when you get into the details of the steele…  immigration costs the united states more than 200 billion dollars a year.  how was this allowed to happen? facebook, twitter and google are so biased toward the dems it is ridiculous!  twitter, in fact, has made it much mor…  hope the people over at the fed will read today’s wall street journal editorial before they make yet another mist…  luck today in court to general michael flynn.  will be interesting to see what he has to say, despite tremendou…  outrage yet in the long, winding and highly conflicted mueller witch hunt is the fact that 19,000 demanded…  i am making good on my promise to defend our farmers & ranchers from unjustified trade retaliation by foreign…  @whitehouse: on december 17, 1903, the first successful flight of wilbur and orville wright's handcrafted biplane ushered in the age of…anytime you hear a democrat saying that you can have good border security without a wall, write them off as just an…  is incredible that with a very strong dollar and virtually no inflation, the outside world blowing up around us,…  deductible which comes with obamacare is so high that it is practically not even useable!  hurts families badly. …  russian witch hunt hoax, started as the “insurance policy” long before i even got elected, is very bad for…  persecution of the president. ”  daniel henninger, the wall street journal.  thank you, people are starting to…  looks here as though general flynn’s defenses are incidental to something larger which is for the prosecution t…  television watching is last weeks @marthamaccallum interview with the wonderful wife of rod blagojevich an…  democrats policy of child seperation on the border during the obama administration was far worse than the way w…  ken starr, former solicitor generel & independent counsel, just stated that, after two years, “there is no ev…  the request of many, i will be reviewing the case of a “u. s.  military hero,” major matt golsteyn, who is charged…  michael cohen only became a “rat” after the fbi did something which was absolutely unthinkable & unheard…  where are all the missing text messages between fired fbi agents peter s and the lovely lisa page, his lover.  ju…  real scandal is the one sided coverage, hour by hour, of networks like nbc & democrat spin machines like saturday…  19,000 texts between lisa page and her lover, peter s of the fbi, in charge of the russia hoax, were just repo…  pathetic and dishonest weekly standard, run by failed prognosticator bill kristol who, like many others, never…  in the history of our country has the “press” been more dishonest than it is today.  stories that should be go…  trump administration will be announcing the new secretary of the interior next week. secretary of the interior @ryanzinke will be leaving the administration at the end of the year after having served…  but not surprisingly, obamacare was just ruled unconstitutional by a highly respected judge in texas.  great news for america! as i predicted all along, obamacare has been struck down as an unconstitutional disaster!  now congress must pass a…  the record, there were many people who wanted to be the white house chief of staff.  mick m will do a great job! . i look forward to working with him in this new capacity as we continue to make america great again!  john will b…  am pleased to announce that mick mulvaney, director of the office of management & budget, will be named acting wh…  you to @tim_cook for agreeing to expand operations in the u. s.  and thereby creating thousands of jobs!   jong un sees it better than anyone and will fully take advantage of it for his people.  we are doing just fine! many people have asked how we are doing in our negotiations with north korea - i always reply by saying we are in n…  just announced that their economy is growing much slower than anticipated because of our trade war with them. …  not do a shutdown, democrats - do what’s right for the american people!   it was my honor to welcome our nation’s newly elected governors to the @whitehouse!   382nd birthday @usnationalguard.  our entire nation is forever grateful for all you do 24/7/365.  we love you! …  did an interview with @harrisfaulkner on @foxnews, airing now 1pme.  enjoy! . she will probably be given a pass, despite their terrible ratings.  congratulations to @richardgrenell, our grea…  it was a conservative that said what “crazed” mika brzezinski stated on her show yesterday, using a certain horr…  hunt! they gave general flynn a great deal because they were embarrassed by the way he was treated - the fbi said he didn…  even on a civil basis.  those charges were just agreed to by him in order to embarrass the president and…  that i did nothing wrong with respect to c finance laws, if they even apply, because this was not…  never directed michael cohen to break the law.  he was a lawyer and he is supposed to know the law.  it is called “…  often stated, “one way or the other, mexico is going to pay for the wall. ” this has never changed.  our new deal w…  melania will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight on @foxnews at 9:00pme! the democrats and president obama gave iran 150 billion dollars and got nothing, but they can’t give 5 billion doll…  very bad terror attack in france.  we are going to strengthen our borders even more.  chuck and nancy must gi…  to leader mcconnell for agreeing to bring a senate vote on criminal justice this week!  these historic change…  don’t care what you think of the presidentit cannot bleed over to the fbicomey is confirming there is bias…  comey just totally exposed his partisan stance by urging his fellow democrats to take back the white house in…  news has it purposely wrong.  many, over ten, are vying for and wanting the white house chief of staff position…  productive conversations going on with china!  watch for some important announcements! great job by michael anton on @foxandfriends.  a true national security expert! . people do not yet realize how much of the wall, including really effective renovation, has already been built. …  look forward to my meeting with chuck schumer & nancy pelosi.  in 2006, democrats voted for a wall, and they…  for strictly political reasons and because they have been pulled so far left, do not want border secur…  border patrol and our military have done a fantastic job of securing our southern border.  a great wall wo…  the large caravans that were forming and heading to our country, people have not been able to get through o…  fbi director james comey under fire for his testimony acknowledging he knew that the democrats paid for tha…  comey’s behind closed doors testimony reveals that “there was not evidence of c collusion” with russia…  it was not but even if it was, it is only a civil case, like obama’s - but it was done correctly by a la…  can’t find a smocking gun tying the trump c to russia after james comey’s testimony.  no smocking…  am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of white house chief of staff.  fake n…  trump administration has accomplished more than any other u. s.  administration in its first two not even years…  james comey must have set a record for who lied the most to congress in one day.  his friday testimony was s…  245  occasions, former fbi director james comey told house investigators he didn’t know, didn’t recall, or could…  was my honor to attend today’s #armynavygame in philadelphia.  a great game played all around by our heroes.  cong…   honor to be headed to the army-navy game today.  will be there shortly, landing now!   and right, he then woke up from his dream screaming that he lied.  next time i go to vietnam i will ask “th…  da nang dick blumenthal on television spewing facts almost as accurate as his bravery in vietnam which he…  sad day & night in paris.  maybe it’s time to end the ridiculous and extremely expensive paris agreement and re…  is collusion illusion, there is no smoking gun here.  at this late date, after all that we have gone through,…  am thankful to both of these incredible men for their service to our country!  date of transition to be determined. i am pleased to announce my nomination of four-star general mark milley, chief of staff of the united states army –…  two years and millions of pages of documents and a cost of over $30,000,000, no collusion! the idea of a european military didn’t work out too well in w. w.  i or 2.  but the u. s.  was there for you, and always…  paris agreement isn’t working out so well for paris.  protests and riots all over france.  people do not want to…  @whitehouse: this afternoon, president trump delivered remarks at the 2018 project safe neighborhoods national conference where he reinf…totally clears the president.  thank you! it is being reported that leakin' james comey was told by department of justice attorneys not to answer the most im…  mitch mcconnell will ask for a vote on criminal justice reform.  it is extremely popular and has strong bi…  pompeo is doing a great job, i am very proud of him.  his predecessor, rex tillerson, didn’t have the mental ca…  @whitehouse: president trump delivers remarks at the 2018 project safe neighborhoods national conference  one of the most highly respected lawyers and legal minds in the country, he will be a great addition to our…  am pleased to announce that i will be nominating the honorable william p.  barr for the position of attorney gener…  am pleased to announce that heather nauert, spokeswoman for the united states department of state, will be nomina…  will be doing a major counter report to the mueller report.  this should never again be allowed to happen to a fu…  we honor those who perished 77 years ago at pearl harbor, and we salute every veteran who served in world wa…  has been incorrectly reported that rudy giuliani and others will not be doing a counter to the mueller report.  t…  talks are going very well! the lying and leaking by the people doing the report, & also bruce ohr and his lovely wife molly, comey, brenn…  be listed at the top of the report?  will the scathing document written about lyin’ james comey, by t…  9-0, in the united states supreme court.  doing same thing to people now.  will all of the substanti…  robert mueller’s big time conflicts of interest be listed at the top of his republicans only report.  will…  mueller and leakin’ lyin’ james comey are best friends, just one of many mueller conflicts of interest.  and…  together with our military and border patrol, is bracing for a massive surge at a non-walled area.  we will…  news - the enemy of the people! trish_regan:  “did the fbi follow protocol to obtain the fisa warrant?  i don’t think so.  the dossier was opposition…  corsi: ”this is not justice, this is not america.  this is a political prosecution.  the special prosecutor c…  from china: “the teams of both sides are now having smooth communications and good cooperation with each…  the fake news media ever mention the fact that republicans, with the very important help of my c rallie…  thoughts and prayers are with the @usmc crew members who were involved in a mid-air collision off the coast of j…  the phony russia witch hunt, and with all that we have accomplished in the last almost two years tax & reg…  hard, thank you!   wead, a truly great presidential historian, had a wonderful take on a very beautiful moment in history, the fu…  opec will be keeping oil flows as is, not restricted.  the world does not want to see, or need, higher oil prices! looking forward to being with the bush family.  this is not a funeral, this is a day of celebration for a great man…  to be the worst and most dangerous, addictive and deadly substance of them all.  last year over 77,0…  of the very exciting things to come out of my meeting with president xi of china is his promise to me to crimin…  strong signals being sent by china once they returned home from their long trip, including stops, from argenti…  had agreed to start “immediately” buying u. s.  products. ” @business“china officially echoed president donald trump’s optimism over bilateral trade talks.  chinese officials have begun…  does not want tariffs! we are either going to have a real deal with china, or no deal at all - at which point we will be charging major ta…  the world.  i want clean air and clean water and have been making great strides in improving america’s enviro…  am glad that my friend @emmanuelmacron and the protestors in paris have agreed with the conclusion i reached two…  @charliekirk11: there are riots in socialist france because of radical leftist fuel taxesmedia barely mentioning thisamerica is boom…could somebody please explain to the democrats we need their votes that our country losses 250 billion dollars a…  if a fair deal is able to be made with china, one that does all of the many things we know must be finally…  am a tariff man.  when people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our nation, i want them to pay…  seeing whether or not a real deal with china is actually possible.  if it is, we will get it done.  china is…  negotiations with china have already started.  unless extended, they will end 90 days from the date of our wonde…  forward to being with the wonderful bush family at blair house today.  the former first lady will be coming…   to newly inaugurated mexican president @lopezobrador_.  he had a tremendous political victory with t…  forward to being with the bush family to pay my respects to president george h. w.  bush. bob mueller who is a much different man than people think and his out of control band of angry democrats, don’t w…  will never testify against trump. ” this statement was recently made by roger stone, essentially stating that he…  wife and father-in-law who has the money?  off scott free.  he lied for this outcome and should, in my opin…  cohen asks judge for no prison time. ” you mean he can do all of the terrible, unrelated to trump, things h…  would save billions of dollars if the democrats would give us the votes to build the wall.  either way, people wi…  am certain that, at some time in the future, president xi and i, together with president putin of russia, will st…  xi and i have a very strong and personal relationship.  he and i are the only two people that can bring ab…  will be a a very big and fast beneficiary of our deal with china.  they intend to start purchasing agricultu…  meeting in argentina with president xi of china was an extraordinary one.  relations with china have taken a big…  has agreed to reduce and remove tariffs on cars coming into china from the u. s.  currently the tariff is 40%. this week, jews around the world will celebrate the miracles of hanukkah.  @flotus melania and i send our very best…  out of respect for the bush family and former president george h. w.  bush we will wait until after the…  was very much looking forward to having a press conference just prior to leaving argentina because we have had su…  george h. w.  bush led a long, successful and beautiful life.   whenever i was with him i saw his absolute j…  from president donald j.  trump and first lady melania trump on the passing of former president george h. w…  @epn: en mi último día como presidente, me siento muy honrado de haber participado en la firma del nuevo tratado comercial entre méxico,…rt @abeshinzo: アルゼンチンでｇ２０サミットが開幕しました。この機会を活かし、トランプ大統領、モディ首相と、初めてとなる日米印三か国による首脳会談を行いました。「自由で開かれたインド太平洋」という共通の目標に向かって、緊密に連携していくことで一致しました。 htt…rt @thebluehouseeng: president moon @moonriver365 and president trump @realdonaldtrump reaffirmed their commitment to closely coordinat…watch @seanhannity on @foxnews now.  enjoy! great day at the #g20summit in buenos aires, argentina.  thank you!   reviews on the usmca - sooo much better than nafta! to the great people of alaska.  you have been hit hard by a “big one. ” please follow the directions of the highly tr…  signed one of the most important, and largest, trade deals in u. s.  and world history.  the united states, mexic…   looked at doing a building somewhere in russia.  put up zero money, zero guarantees and didn’t do the project.  witch hunt! oh, i get it!  i am a very good developer, happily living my life, when i see our country going in the wrong directi…  in argentina with a very busy two days planned.  important meetings scheduled throughout.  our great country…  dershowitz: “these are not crimes.  he mueller has no authority to be a roving commissioner.  i don’t see any…  demonstrates the robert mueller and his partisans have no evidence, not a whiff of collusion, between trump a…  landed in argentina with @flotus melania!  #g20summit  rnc chair ronna mcdaniel oversaw history defying gains in the senate and unprecedented fundraising strength.  i h…  have been working hard on this - and it’s only going to get better!   all of the new books coming out you can't forget two of the great originals written by @greggjarrett and…  new book, spygate: the attempted sabotage of donald j.  trump, is terrific.  he's tough, he's smart, a…  have really done a great job in capturing my long-held views and ideas.  this book is on sale now - a terri…  and arthur laffer, two very talented men, have just completed an incredible book on my economic poli…  has written an absolutely fascinating book back in the game on the world of d. c.  politics, and mor…  argentina with president vladimir putin.  i look forward to a meaningful summit again as soon as this situation is resolved! based on the fact that the ships and sailors have not been returned to ukraine from russia, i have decided it would…  of dollars are pouring into the coffers of the u. s. a.  because of the tariffs being charged to china, and t…  will this illegal joseph mccarthy style witch hunt, one that has shattered so many innocent lives, ever end-or…  you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime?  at the same time mueller and the angry democrats aren’…  motors is very counter to what other auto, and other, companies are doing.  big steel is opening and renovat…  much happening with the now discredited witch hunt.  this total hoax will be studied for years! sebastian gorka, a very talented man who i got to know well while he was working at the white house, has just writt…  behalf of @flotus melania and the entire trump family, i want to wish you all a very merry christmas!  may this c…  dynamics announced that it will build a brand new 3 million ton steel mill in the southwest that will create…  g. m.  would not be closing their plants in ohio, michigan & maryland.  get smart congress.  also, the countri…  reason that the small truck business in the u. s.  is such a go to favorite is that, for many years, tariffs of 2…  @charliekirk11: wow - if a conservative said this they would be boycotted and not allowed back in the public arena — hillary said “all b…rt @mikepencevp: i'm thankful for every day hillary clinton is not president! rt @the_trump_train: will cnn ever ask border patrol agents how they felt having large rocks chucked at them by criminal illegals? rt @the_trump_train: illegals can get up to $3,874 a month under federal assistance program.  our social security checks are on average $120…rt @the_trump_train: if gm doesn't want to keep their jobs in the united states, they should pay back the $11. 2 billion bailout that was fu…rt @the_trump_train:  the disgusting fake news is doing everything within their power not to report it that way, at least 3 major p…  to senator cindy hyde-smith on your big win in the great state of mississippi.  we are all very proud of you! brenda snipes, in charge of voting in broward county, florida, was just spotted wearing a beautiful dress with 300…  mueller witch hunt is a total disgrace.  they are looking at supposedly stolen crooked hillary clinton emails e…  electric cars.  general motors made a big china bet years ago when they built plants there and in mexico -…  disappointed with general motors and their ceo, mary barra, for closing plants in ohio, michigan and maryland. …  are open in mississippi.  we need cindy hyde-smith in washington.  go out and vote.  thanks! . terrible gang of angry democrats.  look at their past, and look where they come from.  the now $30,000,000 witch…  fake news media builds bob mueller up as a saint, when in actuality he is the exact opposite.  he is doing t…  phony witch hunt continues, but mueller and his gang of angry dems are only looking at one side, not the other. …  @gop: “tomorrow, the voters of this state will cast their ballots in one of the most important senate elections of your lives—of all of…rt @gop: “only with a strong senate gop majority can we defend your tax cuts, defend your second amendment, protect your medicare and socia…rt @gop: “i need the great people of mississippi to send a message to… the radical democrats by electing @cindyhydesmith. ” -@realdonaldtrum…. starts today, election is on december 4th.  @votebradraff is tough on crime and borders, loves our military and…  raffensperger will be a fantastic secretary of state for georgia - will work closely with @briankempga.  it is…  false way.  something has to be done, including the possibility of the united states starting our own worldw…  cnn doesn’t do great in the united states based on ratings, outside of the u. s.  they have very little competi…  the ten-year anniversary of the mumbai terror attack, the u. s.  stands with the people of india in their quest fo…  of people closely involved with my c who never met, saw or spoke to a russian during this perio…  mueller does his final report, will he be covering all of his conflicts of interest in a preamble, will he be…  should move the flag waving migrants, many of whom are stone cold criminals, back to their countries.  do it…  from parents, as did bush etc. , because that is the policy and law.  i tried to keep them together but…  did a phony story about child separation when they know we had the exact same policy as the obama admin…  foundation donations drop 42% - which shows that they illegally played the power game.  they monetized their…  has to pay their fair share for military protection.  the european union, for many years, has taken advantage…  anthony tata: “president trump is a man of his word & he said he was going to be tough on the border, and h…  vote for @cindyhydesmith on tuesday.  respected by all.  we need her in washington! .  thanks! so great that oil prices are falling thank you president t.  add that, which is like a big tax cut, to our other g…  be very smart if mexico would stop the caravans long before they get to our southern border, or if originatin…  large and violent french protests don’t take into account how badly the united states has been treated on trade…  will be in gulfport and tupelo, mississippi, on monday night doing two rallies for senator hyde-smith, who has a…  davis hanson was a very good and interesting guest of mark levin on @foxnews.  he wrote a highly touted book…  will stay in mexico.  if for any reason it becomes necessary, we will close our southern border.  there is no…  at the southern border will not be allowed into the united states until their claims are individually appr…  @whitehouse: small business saturday has become a staple of the post-thanksgiving shopping weekend.  this year, small business saturday…rt @realdonaldtrump: the fake news is showing old footage of people climbing over our ocean area fence.  this is what it really looks like -…i am extremely happy and proud of the job being done by @ustreasury secretary @stevenmnuchin1.  the fake news likes…  good criminal justice reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support.  @senatemajldr mitch mcconnell and…  and democrats must come together, finally, with a major border security package, which will include fun…  highly trained security professionals are not allowed to do their job on the border because of the judicial act…  is the coldest weather in the history of the thanksgiving day parade in nyc, and one of the coldest thanksgivings on record!  be speaking with our great military in different parts of the world, through teleconference, at 9:00 a. m.  east…  safety at the border, or anywhere else.  they know nothing about it and are making our country unsafe.  our g…  roberts can say what he wants, but the 9th circuit is a complete & total disaster.  it is out of control, ha…  thanksgiving to all! “it’s a mean & nasty world out there, the middle east in particular.  this is a long and historic commitment, & one…  just can’t win with the fake news media.  a big story today is that because i have pushed so hard and gotten gas…  and extended cold blast could shatter all records - whatever happened to global warming? rt @realdonaldtrump: make america great again! rt @realdonaldtrump: america first! “79% of these decisions have been overturned in the 9th circuit. ” @foxnews  a terrible, costly and dangerous disgra…  are a lot of criminals in the caravan.  we will stop them.  catch and detain!  judicial activism, by people who…  you to president trump on the border.  no american president has ever done this before. ” hector garza, national border patrol council. . are so many opposing view on border and safety cases filed there, and why are a vast number of those cases o…  chief justice john roberts, but you do indeed have “obama judges,” and they have a much different point of vi…  new book out, “mad politics: keeping your sanity in a world gone crazy” by @realdrgina loudon.  go out and get…  imitation syndrome’ is afflicting the president’s liberal enemies” thank you @mgoodwin_nypost!   america great again! oil prices getting lower.  great!  like a big tax cut for america and the world.  enjoy!  $54, was just $82.  thank you…  first! so-called comedian michelle wolf bombed so badly last year at the white house correspondents’ dinner that this year…  @whitehouse: president @realdonaldtrump, joined by @flotus, has officially pardoned this year's national thanksgiving turkey, peas—and h…i hope the discovery and eventual recovery of the argentine submarine san juan brings needed closure to the wonderf…  @flotus: the @whitehouse is getting ready for the christmas season!  thank you to the smith family & the national christmas tree associat…rt @whitehouse: president trump and the first lady participate in the white house christmas tree delivery  fake news is showing old footage of people climbing over our ocean area fence.  this is what it really looks lik…  no longer pay pakistan the $billions because they would take our money and do nothing for us, bin laden bein…  course we should have captured osama bin laden long before we did.  i pointed him out in my book just before the…  @realdonaldtrump: “boom: record high business optimism, need for employees at 45-year high”  loves mississippi and our great u. s. a.   @realdonaldtrump: i will be interviewed by chris wallace on @foxnews at 2:00 p. m.  and 7:00 p. m.  enjoy! from day one rick scott never wavered.  he was a great governor and will be even a greater senator in representing t…  and release is an obsolete term.  it is now catch and detain.  illegal immigrants trying to come into the u. s. a…  mayor of tijuana, mexico, just stated that “the city is ill-prepared to handle this many migrants, the backlog…  funny to see little adam schitt d-ca talking about the fact that acting attorney general matt whitaker was not…  will be interviewed by chris wallace on @foxnews at 2:00 p. m.  and 7:00 p. m.  enjoy! rt @foxnewssunday: chris wallace during his interview at the white house with president trump.  check your local listings to watch this sund…incredible to be with our great heroes today in california.  we will always be with you!   @whitehouse: president @realdonaldtrump is traveling to california to meet with those impacted by the devastating wildfires.  learn how t…heading to california with @gopleader kevin mccarthy, @replamalfa, and @kencalvert.  look forward to being with our…  can’t imagine any president having a better or closer relationship with their vice president then the two of…  new york times did a phony story, as usual, about my relationship with @vp mike pence.  they made up sources and…  to andrew gillum on having run a really tough and competitive race for governor of the great state…  can get nancy pelosi as many votes as she wants in order for her to be speaker of the house.  she deserves this vi…  you @jerrybrowngov.  look forward to joining you and @gavinnewsom tomorrow in california.  we are with you!   country’s flag.  can this be possible?  yes, because it is all a big con, and the american taxpayer is paying for it! isn’t it ironic that large caravans of people are marching to our border wanting u. s. a.  asylum because they are fea…  to brian kemp on becoming the new governor of georgia.  stacey abrams fought brilliantly and hard -…  to ron desantis on becoming the new governor of florida.  against all odds, he fought & fought & fou…  medal of freedom  are not being told that the republican party is on track to pick up two seats in the u. s.  senate, and epic v…  in the east room of the @whitehouse, it was my true privilege to award seven extraordinary americans with the…  is our sacred duty to support america’s service members every single day they wear the uniform – and every day a…  year, i signed the landmark va accountability act to ensure those who mistreat our veterans can be held fully…  was my great honor to host a @whitehouse conference on supporting veterans & military familiesto everyone h…  melania and i were honored to visit with our great u. s.  marines at the marine barracks here in washington,…  only “collusion” is that of the democrats with russia and many others.  why didn’t the fbi take the server from…  will someday study what highly conflicted and not senate approved bob mueller and his gang of democr…  how many lives the ruin.  these are angry people, including the highly conflicted bob mueller, who worked f…  inner workings of the mueller investigation are a total mess.  they have found no collusion and have gone absolu…  white house is running very smoothly and the results for our nation are obviously very good.  we are the envy of…  pledge to hire american includes those leaving prison and looking for a very fresh start — new job, and new lif…  am grateful to be here today w/ members of the house & senate who have poured their time, heart and energy into t…  spoke to governor jerry brown to let him know that we are with him, and the people of california, all the way! was just briefed by @fema_brock and @secretaryzinke, who are in california.  thank you to the great firefighters, fi…  seen in many years, america’s steelworkers get a hard-earned raise because of my administration’s policies to h…  record high business optimism, need for employees at 45-year high”  was my great honor to host a celebration of diwali, the hindu festival of lights, in the roosevelt room at the…  we gathered for diwali, a holiday observed by buddhists, sikhs, and jains throughout the united states & aro…  mourn for the lives lost and we pray for the victims of the california wildfires.  i want to thank the firefighte…  story in the new york times concerning north korea developing missile bases is inaccurate.  we fully know about…  will bill nelson concede in florida?  the characters running broward and palm beach voting will not be able to…  the way, when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in france because of almost zero visibility, i s…  france great again! the problem is that emmanuel suffers from a very low approval rating in france, 26%, and an unemployment rate of al…  trade, france makes excellent wine, but so does the u. s.  the problem is that france makes it very hard for the u…  macron suggests building its own army to protect europe against the u. s. , china and russia.  but it was ger…  just approved an expedited request for a major disaster declaration for the state of california.  wanted to respon…  saudi arabia and opec will not be cutting oil production.  oil prices should be much lower based on supply! american cable association has big problems with comcast.  they say that comcast routinely violates antitrust laws. …  california fire fighters, fema and  first responders are amazing and very brave.  thank you and god bless you all! the prospect of presidential harassment by the dems is causing the stock market big headaches! the florida election should be called in favor of rick scott and ron desantis in that large numbers of new ballots…  money spent on protecting other countries, and we get nothing but trade deficits and losses.  it is time tha…  of billions of dollars, for the great privilege of losing hundreds of billions of dollars with these…  returned from france where much was accomplished in my meetings with world leaders.  never easy bringing up the…  100 years ago today, on november 11th, 1918, world war i came to an end.  we are gathered together, at this…  @flotus: today we remember the brave actions of our troops and those of our allies during wwi.  honored to be spending this day honoring…poland, a great country - congratulations on the 100th anniversary of your independence.  i will never forget my tim…  @whitehouse: president trump attends the american commemoration ceremony at suresnes american cemetery  ceremony today in paris commemorating the end of world war one.  many world leaders in attendance.  thank y…  this veterans day — the 100th anniversary of the end of wwi, we honor the brave heroes who fought for america in…  proper forest management, we can stop the devastation constantly going on in california.  get smart! these california fires are expanding very, very quickly in some cases 80-100 acres a minute.  if people don’t evac…  than 4,000 are fighting the camp and woolsey fires in california that have burned over 170,000 acres.  our hear…  to steal two big elections in florida!  we are watching closely! had very productive meetings and calls for our country today.  meeting tonight with world leaders! happy 243rd birthday to our great u. s.  marine corps🇺🇸  am in paris getting ready to celebrate the end of world war one.  is there anything better to celebrate than the e…  is no reason for these massive, deadly and costly forest fires in california except that forest management is…  whitaker is very highly thought of by @senjoniernst, senator @chuckgrassley, ambassador @terrybranstad, leo…  g.  whitaker is a highly respected former u. s.  attorney from iowa.  he was chosen by jeff sessions to be his…  macron of france has just suggested that europe build its own military in order to protect itself from th…  out — in arizona, signatures don’t match.  electoral corruption - call for a new election?  we must protect our democracy! thank you @marcorubio for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to election theft in bro…  the 2016 election i was winning by so much in florida that broward county, which was very late with vote tabulat…  gillum conceded on election day and now broward county has put him “back into play. ” bill nelson conceded ele…  scott was up by 50,000+ votes on election day, now they “found” many votes and he is only up 15,000 votes.  “th…  flakey doesn’t want to protect the non-senate confirmed special counsel, he wants to protect his future afte…  soon as democrats sent their best election stealing lawyer, marc elias, to broward county they miraculously star…  mean they are just now finding votes in florida and georgia – but the election was on tuesday?  let’s blame the…  ran a great race in georgia – he won.  it is time to move on! “presidential proclamation addressing mass migration through the southern border of the united states”  enforcement is looking into another big corruption scandal having to do with election fraud in #broward and pal…  bravery shown by police.  california highway patrol was on scene within 3 minutes, with first officer to e…  have been fully briefed on the terrible shooting in california.  law enforcement and first responders, together wi…  thank attorney general jeff sessions for his service, and wish him well!  a permanent replacement will be nominated at a later date. we are pleased to announce that matthew g.  whitaker, chief of staff to attorney general jeff sessions at the depart…  to nbc news, voters nationwide disapprove of the so-called mueller investigation 46% more than they app…  all fairness, nancy pelosi deserves to be chosen speaker of the house by the democrats.  if they give her a hard…  the democrats think they are going to waste taxpayer money investigating us at the house level, then we will lik…  any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great midterm election, just reme…  will be doing a news conference at the white house - 11:30 a. m.  will be discussing our success in the midterms! those that worked with me in this incredible midterm election, embracing certain policies and principles, did very…  desantis showed great courage in his hard fought c to become the governor of florida.  congratulations to ron and family! received so many congratulations from so many on our big victory last night, including from foreign nations friend…   “how do the democrats respond to this?  think of how his position with republicans improves-all the…  lucky to have him and i’m just awed at how well they’ve done.  it’s all the trump magic - trump is…  only been 5 times in the last 105 years that an incumbent president has won seats in the senate in the off…  success tonight.  thank you to all! congressman randy hultgren r of illinois is doing a great job.  get out and vote for randy - total endorsement! florida, very important - get out and vote for florida congressional candidate michael waltz r.  he has my strong endorsement! epstein all the way in michigan house 11.  she is a wonderful person and, at the same time, a real fighter.  has my strong endorsement! rt @flotus: vote red 🇺🇸 maga 🇺🇸   hugin, successful all of his life, would be a great senator from new jersey.  he has my complete and total endor…  locations:  @realdonaldtrump: fantastic #magarally🇺🇸in west virginia, thank you.  everyone get out and vote for patrick @morriseywv and @carolmillerw…rt @realdonaldtrump: indiana rally, and coach bobby knight, were incredible last night.  packed house in honor of mike braun for senate.  mik…rt @realdonaldtrump: get out and vote for @deanheller!   @realdonaldtrump: new york, get out and vote for @johnfasony, a great and hardworking congressman.  we need john’s voice in d. c.  his oppo…rt @realdonaldtrump: if chuck schumer and nancy pelosi gain the majority, they will try to raise your taxes, restore job-killing regulation…rt @realdonaldtrump: arizona is such a great state but it needs border security which @marthamcsally will provide, and krysten sinema doesn…rt @realdonaldtrump: rumor has it that senator joe donnelly of indiana is paying for facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the liberta…rt @realdonaldtrump: . lake okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for rick scott, who called endlessly on behalf of th…rt @realdonaldtrump: in all the time i’ve been president, almost two years, never once did senator bill nelson call me to ask for help for…rt @realdonaldtrump: another fantastic #magarally tonight in the great state of florida.  in just 3 days, the people of florida are going to…rt @realdonaldtrump: thank you macon, georgia!  get out on tuesday, november 6th and vote for @briankempga as your next governor to protect…rt @realdonaldtrump: if @andrewgillum did the same job with florida that he has done in tallahassee as mayor, the state will be a crime rid…rt @realdonaldtrump: no matter what she says, senator claire mccaskill will always vote against us and the great state of missouri!  vote fo…rt @realdonaldtrump: i need @claudiatenney of #ny22 to be re-elected in order to get our big plans moving.  her opponent would be a disaster…rt @realdonaldtrump: remember florida: i have been president of the united states for almost two years.  during that time senator bill nelso…rt @realdonaldtrump: law enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any illegal voting which may take place in tuesday’s e…rt @realdonaldtrump: “bill nelson is kind of an empty figure in washington.  you never hear his name, he’s never in debates on key issues -…congressman peter king of new york is a hardworking gem.  loves his country and his state.  get out and vote for peter! there is a rumor, put out by the democrats, that josh hawley of missouri left the arena last night early.  it is fak…  fantastic evening in cape girardeau, missouri.  josh @hawleymo will be a tireless ch for you.  he is great on…  vote for claire mccaskill is a vote for schumer, pelosi, waters, and their socialist agenda.  claire voted in favo…  @ivankatrump: ohio✈️indiana✈️missouri 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  @danscavino: . @theleegreenwood singing god bless the usa in cape girardeau, missouri at @realdonaldtrump’s #magarally  have been loyal and faithful to your country, and now you have a president that is loyal and faithful to you.  g…  my way, see you soon cape girardeau, missouri!  #magarally   crowd inside and outside the allen county war memorial coliseum in fort wayne, indiana!  thank you for joini…  is only one way to stop this democrat-led assault on our sovereignty – you have to vote republican tomorrow! …  you indiana!  a vote for mike @braun4indiana is a vote to keep your jobs going up, your wages going up, and yo…  landed in fort wayne, indiana for a #magarally at the allen county war memorial coliseum.  see everyone soon!   have created the best economy in the history of our country – and the hottest jobs market on planet ear…  you ohio!  when you enter the voting booth tomorrow you will be making a simple choice.  a vote for republicans…  happening america!  get out tomorrow and  so together, we can keep making america…  nelson is kind of an empty figure in washington.  you never hear his name, he’s never in debates on key issues…  @erictrump: friends, we are on the one yard line and need everyone to vote republican tomorrow!  america is back!  america is winning aga…law enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any illegal voting which may take place in tuesday’…  florida: i have been president of the united states for almost two years.  during that time senator bill ne…  funny to see the cnn fake suppression polls and false rhetoric.  watch for real results tuesday.  we are lucky cnn…  need @claudiatenney of #ny22 to be re-elected in order to get our big plans moving.  her opponent would be a disas…  matter what she says, senator claire mccaskill will always vote against us and the great state of missouri!  vote…  @andrewgillum did the same job with florida that he has done in tallahassee as mayor, the state will be a crime…  voted against tax cuts, great healthcare, supreme court justices and all of the many things the pe…  rohrabacher has been a great congressman for his district and for the people of cal.  he works hard and is resp…  james, running as a republican for the senate from michigan, is a spectacular young star of the future.  we sho…  just 2 days, the people of tennessee are going to elect @votemarsha blackburn to the united states senate to pro…  you for joining us tonight in tennessee, @theleegreenwood.  god bless the u. s. a. !   to be back in tennessee.  on our way to the mckenzie arena in chattanooga for a huge #magarally - see everyone…  you macon, georgia!  get out on tuesday, november 6th and vote for @briankempga as your next governor to prote…  my way to macon, georgia where the crowds are massive, for a 4pme #magarally.  will be in chattanooga, tennessee…  - departing the white house shortly.  see you soon georgia!  #maga   @realdonaldtrump: . @dannytarkanian is a great guy and a team player.  he will represent his district, state and country at the highest le…rt @realdonaldtrump: martha mcsally is a great warrior, her opponent a nancy pelosi wacko!   @realdonaldtrump: in florida there is a choice between a harvard/yale educated man named @rondesantisfl who has been a great congressman…rt @realdonaldtrump: so revealing!   @realdonaldtrump: . @troy_balderson is doing a great job as congressman from ohio.  we need him in d. c.  vote for troy - he has my total en…rt @realdonaldtrump: congressman @rodblum of iowa got a desperately needed flood wall for cedar rapids that was almost impossible to get.  h…rt @realdonaldtrump: congressman @davebratva7th is a fighter who is doing a great job for virginia and for our country.  border, military, v…rt @realdonaldtrump: . @erik_paulsen, @jason2cd, @jimhagedornmn and @petestauber love our country and the great state of minnesota.  they ar…rt @realdonaldtrump: just out: consumer confidence hits highest level since 2000. rt @realdonaldtrump: . @mikedewine will be a great governor for the people of ohio.  he is an outstanding man who loves his state – and alway…rt @realdonaldtrump: . richard cordray will let you down, just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran.  clone of…rt @realdonaldtrump: congressman @kevinyoder has fought hard for the people of kansas.  highly respected, strong on crime, the border, milit…rt @realdonaldtrump: yesterday in pittsburgh i was really impressed with congressman keith rothfus far more so than any other local politi…rt @realdonaldtrump: it is outrageous what the democrats are doing to our country.  vote republican now!    @realdonaldtrump: that’s because they treat me fairly! “@foxnews tops @cnn and @msnbc combined in october cable news ratings”  @realdonaldtrump: . @walkerstapleton will be an extraordinary governor for the state of colorado.  he is strong, smart, and has been succe…rt @realdonaldtrump: illegal immigration affects the lives of all americans.  illegal immigration hurts american workers, burdens american t…rt @realdonaldtrump: together, we are making america safe and great again!    @realdonaldtrump: i love you missouri!  under republican leadership, america is booming, america is thriving, and america is winning - be…rt @realdonaldtrump: wow!  the u. s.  added 250,000 jobs in october - and this was despite the hurricanes.  unemployment at 3. 7%.  wages up!  the…rt @realdonaldtrump: i need the people of west virginia to send a message to chuck schumer, maxine waters, nancy pelosi and the radical dem…rt @realdonaldtrump: scott perry of pennsylvania is fantastic.  he is strong on the border, crime, the military, our vets and the second ame…new fox poll shows a “40% approval rating by african americans for president trump, a record for republicans. ” thank you, a great honor! unbelievable crowd in florida tonight.  get out and vote!  #maga🇺🇸  you want to protect criminal aliens – vote democrat.  if you want to protect law-abiding americans – vote republi…  is a great guy and a team player.  he will represent his district, state and country at the highest…  fantastic #magarally tonight in the great state of florida.  in just 3 days, the people of florida are going…  to pensacola, florida - will be there soon.  amazing lines of people wanting to get in - what a crowd!  is th…  @dougducey of arizona is doing a great job.  doug is strong on crime, the border, and our second amendment. …  okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for rick scott, who called endlessly on behalf of…  all the time i’ve been president, almost two years, never once did senator bill nelson call me to ask for help f…  has it that senator joe donnelly of indiana is paying for facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the libe…  is such a great state but it needs border security which @marthamcsally will provide, and krysten sinema do…  chuck schumer and nancy pelosi gain the majority, they will try to raise your taxes, restore job-killing regulat…  in montana now - at least everybody admits that my lines and crowds are far bigger than barack obama’s  york, get out and vote for @johnfasony, a great and hardworking congressman.  we need john’s voice in d. c.  his o…  @ivankatrump: as the first female governor of iowa, @iagovernor cut taxes, balanced the budget with a 127 m surplus!  & fostered a pro-…get out and vote for @deanheller!   vicious accuser of justice kavanaugh has just admitted that she was lying, her story was totally made up, or fake…  you to @petehegseth and @katiepavlich for your nice, and very wise, statements on the economy.  you both really get it!  @foxandfriendsheading to montana and florida today!  everyone is excited about the jobs numbers - 250,000 new jobs in october.  also, wages rising.  wow! indiana rally, and coach bobby knight, were incredible last night.  packed house in honor of mike braun for senate. …  maxine waters was called the most corrupt member of congress!  @foxnews if dems win, she would be put…  perry of pennsylvania is fantastic.  he is strong on the border, crime, the military, our vets and the second…  #magarally🇺🇸tonight in indiana, thank you.  everyone get out and   believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding americans – not criminal aliens.  and republic…  just 4 days, the people of indiana are going to send mike @braun4indiana to the united states senate, so we can…  need the people of west virginia to send a message to chuck schumer, maxine waters, nancy pelosi and the radical…  landed - will see everyone in southport, indiana shortly!  #magarally🇺🇸  you west virginia!    jobs, jobs!  #maga  #magarally🇺🇸in west virginia, thank you.  everyone get out and vote for patrick @morriseywv and…  be going to west virginia and indiana today, two rallies!  don’t tell anyone big secret, but i will be bringi…  the u. s.  added 250,000 jobs in october - and this was despite the hurricanes.  unemployment at 3. 7%.  wages up! …  love you missouri!  under republican leadership, america is booming, america is thriving, and america is winning -…  evening at a #magarally with great american patriots.  loyal citizens like you helped build this country a…  we are making america safe and great again!    my way to columbia, missouri for a #magarally.  look forward to seeing everyone soon!    immigration affects the lives of all americans.  illegal immigration hurts american workers, burdens america…  opponent, jared polis, is weak on crime and weak on borders – could never do the job.  get out and vote – wa…  will be an extraordinary governor for the state of colorado.  he is strong, smart, and has been su…  you to rick breckenridge and congratulations to matt rosendale @mattformontana.  this is very big - see you…  had a long and very good conversation with president xi jinping of china.  we talked about many subjects, with…  @realdonaldtrump: #jobsnotmobs!  vote republican now! !   @realdonaldtrump: harry reid, when he was sane, agreed with us on birthright citizenship!   because they treat me fairly! “@foxnews tops @cnn and @msnbc combined in october cable news ratings”  evening in florida with great patriots at a beautiful #magarally.  get out and  so…  you florida!  get out and vote republican!  #maga🇺🇸 is outrageous what the democrats are doing to our country.  vote republican now!    vote republican now! !   in pittsburgh i was really impressed with congressman keith rothfus far more so than any other local pol…  reid, when he was sane, agreed with us on birthright citizenship!   ryan should be focusing on holding the majority rather than giving his opinions on birthright citizenship, som…  will protect people with pre-existing conditions far better than the dems! “donald trump has made good on his promises, and it drives democrats crazy! ” brad blakeman @foxnewsthe world is using our laws to our detriment.  they laugh at the stupidity they see! . harry reid was right in 1993, before he and the democrats went insane and started with the open borders which…  birthright citizenship, which costs our country billions of dollars and is very unfair to our citizens, w…  and i were treated very nicely yesterday in pittsburgh.  the office of the president was shown great respect…  market up more than 400 points yesterday.  today looks to be another good one.  companies earnings are great! our military is being mobilized at the southern border.  many more troops coming.  we will not let these caravans, wh…  caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people.  fought back hard and viciously against mexico at n…  @kevinyoder has fought hard for the people of kansas.  highly respected, strong on crime, the border, mi…  cordray will let you down, just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran.  clone…  will be a great governor for the people of ohio.  he is an outstanding man who loves his state – and always produces big. just out: consumer confidence hits highest level since 2000. “if the fed backs off and starts talking a little more dovish, i think we’re going to be right back to our 2,800 to…  stock market is up massively since the election, but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what hap…  kevin brady of texas is so popular in his district, and far beyond, that he doesn’t need any help - but…  andy barr of kentucky, who just had a great debate with his nancy pelosi run opponent, has been a winne…  @jason2cd, @jimhagedornmn and @petestauber love our country and the great state of minnesota.  they…  @davebratva7th is a fighter who is doing a great job for virginia and for our country.  border, military…  @cathymcmorris of washington state is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in congress. …  @rodblum of iowa got a desperately needed flood wall for cedar rapids that was almost impossible to get…  of the 5th district in virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done!  really big h…  is doing a great job as congressman from ohio.  we need him in d. c.  vote for troy - he has my total endorsement! rt @realdonaldtrump: i will be interviewed by laura ingraham  tonight at 10:00 p. m.  on @foxnewsso revealing!   will be interviewed by laura ingraham  tonight at 10:00 p. m.  on @foxnewscheck out tweets from last two days.  i refer to fake news media when mentioning enemy of the people - but dishonest…  and others in the fake news business keep purposely and inaccurately reporting that i said the “media is the en…  job being done by congressman keith rothfus of pennsylvania.  thank you keith! in florida there is a choice between a harvard/yale educated man named @rondesantisfl who has been a great congress…  gang members and some very bad people are mixed into the caravan heading to our southern border.  please go bac…  a very good conversation with the newly elected president of brazil, jair bolsonaro, who won his race by a subs…  anger and outrage and we will then be able to bring all sides together in peace and harmony.  fake news must end! there is great anger in our country caused in part by inaccurate, and even fraudulent, reporting of the news.  the f…  fake news is doing everything in their power to blame republicans, conservatives and me for the division and ha…  watched wacky tom steyer, who i have not seen in action before, be interviewed by @jaketapper.  he comes off as…  you to steve rogers, fbi joint terror task force ret, for his very kind and generous remarks about me and m…  interesting!   the dodgers/red sox final innings.  it is amazing how a manager takes out a pitcher who is loose & dominati…  evil anti-semitic attack is an assault on humanity.  it will take all of us working together to extract the…  of america is in mourning over the mass murder of jewish americans at the tree of life synagogue in pittsburgh. …  @whitehouse: just now: president trump invited rabbi benjamin sendrow to offer a prayer for the victims of the attack in pittsburgh.  htt…as you know, earlier today there was a horrific shooting targeting and killing jewish americans at the tree of life…  in pittsburgh are far more devastating than originally thought.  spoke with mayor and governor to inform them…  the events unfolding in pittsburgh, pennsylvania.  law enforcement on the scene.  people in squirrel hill ar…   walkaway from the democrat party movement marches today in d. c.  congratulations to brandon straka for st…  @diamondandsilk: live: president @realdonaldtrump #maga rally in charlotte, nc  and mark, two great patriots for congress!   mcsally is a great warrior, her opponent a nancy pelosi wacko!   @gopchairwoman: . @realdonaldtrump is delivering results for all americans, and it’s inspiring our future leaders to get involved in the…thank you charlie!   luck mary!   big change is coming - don’t want the dems anymore!   thunders at media for smearing his supporters after bomb scares  via @breitbartnewsfantastic evening in charlotte, north carolina with great patriots.  get out and vote for @buddforcongress and…  you meet every day with optimism – if you confront every obstacle with determination – if you refuse to give up,…  was my great honor, thank you!   you are african-american, hispanic-american or any american at all – you have the right to live in a countr…  is my great honor to be with so many brilliant, courageous, patriotic, and proud americans.  seeing all of you he…  want to applaud the fbi, secret service, department of justice, the u. s.  attorneys’ office for the southern distr…  would like to begin today’s remarks by providing an update on the packages and devices that have been mailed to h…  will be speaking at the young black leadership summit in 15 minutes where i will address the investigation into the bomb packages. republicans are doing so well in early voting, and at the polls, and now this “bomb” stuff happens and the momentum…  has removed many people from my account and, more importantly, they have seemingly done something that make…  united states has been spending billions of dollars a year on illegal immigration.  this will not continue.  demo…  how lowly rated cnn, and others, can criticize me at will, even blaming me for the current spate of bombs and…  service members who died that day included brave young marines just out of high school, accomplished officers i…  1983, roughly 1,800 marines were in beirut to keep the peace in a nation torn apart by civil war.  terrorists had…  are gathered together on this solemn occasion to fulfill our most reverent and sacred duty.  35 years ago, 241 am…  from maine is a great congressman.  he is in a tough fight against a very liberal nancy pelosi democ…  will make a fantastic governor of alaska.  mike is for energy and jobs, is tough on crime, loves o…  is doing a great job for the people of pennsylvania.  he is strong on the border, crime, the milita…  of ohio is doing a great job as your congressman, already very respected in washington.  get out an…  of pennsylvania is fantastic.  he is strong on the border, crime, the military, our vets and the 2nd ame…  agree with their stance 100%, and the united states is likewise taking a very hard line on illegal immigration…  spoke with prime minister @giuseppeconteit of italy concerning many subjects, including the fact that italy is…  with french president @emmanuelmacron this morning.  discussed many topics including the very exciting upcomin…  those in the caravan, turnaround, we are not letting people into the united states illegally.  go back to your co…  by president trump on a year of historic progress and action to combat the opioid crisis”…  new york times has a new fake story that now the russians and chinese glad they finally added china are liste…  very big part of the anger we see today in our society is caused by the purposely false and inaccurate reporting…  judd of the national border patrol council is right when he says on @foxandfriends that the democrat inspir…  so-called experts on trump over at the new york times wrote a long and boring article on my cellphone usage tha…  leaving wisconsin.  @scottwalker and @leahvukmir are fantastic people, badly needed for our country!  #maga  arrived in wisconsin to help two great people, @scottwalker and @leahvukmir!   safety of the american people is my highest priority.  i have just concluded a briefing with the fbi, department…  agree wholeheartedly!   will totally protect people with pre-existing conditions, democrats will not!  vote republican. brian kemp will be a great governor of georgia.  stacey abrams will destroy the state.  sooooo important, get out and vote for brian! we are a great sovereign nation.  we have strong borders and will never accept people coming into our country illegally! for those who want and advocate for illegal immigration, just take a good look at what has happened to europe over…  agree with president obama 100%!   @deptofdefense: never forgotten! on oct.  23, 1983, the #beirut marine barracks bombing took the lives of 241 #marines, #sailors and #sol…billions of dollars are, and will be, coming into united states coffers because of tariffs.  great also for negotiat…    john faso of new york has worked hard and smart.  strong on crime, borders and our 2nd amendment, john i…  people of puerto rico are wonderful but the inept politicians are trying to use the massive and ridiculously hi…  webber of new jersey, running for congress, is doing a great job against a person who is looking to raise taxes…  erik paulsen of the great state of minnesota has done a fantastic job in cutting taxes and job killing…  send our deepest condolences to @reploubarletta and the entire barletta family, on the passing of his brother.  l…  democrat party would rather protect criminal aliens than american citizens - which is why the democrats mus…  stake in this election is whether we continue the extraordinary prosperity we have achieved - or whether we let…  you houston, texas.  get out and  #jobsnotmobs   crowds inside and outside of the @toyotacenter in houston, texas.  landing shortly - see everyone soon! …  go florida!    day to register to vote in alabama, california, south dakota and wyoming!  #jobsnotmobs   - thank you houston, texas!  i am departing @andrews_jba now.  see you in a few hours! !  #maga🇺🇸  say of course they’re low - because for the first time in 50 years i am making them pay a big price for doing…  fake news media has been talking about recent approval ratings of me by countries around the world, including t…  the cleanest air in the world - by far! ”  report: us paying more for illegal immigrant births than trump’s wall”  night in texas! ! ! ! guatemala, honduras and el salvador were not able to do the job of stopping people from leaving their country and c…  time you see a caravan, or people illegally coming, or attempting to come, into our country illegally, think…  it looks like mexico’s police and military are unable to stop the caravan heading to the southern border of…  tom reed of new york’s 23rd district has done a great job.  he has my complete and total endorsement! ron @rondesantisfl desantis had a great debate victory tonight against andrew gillum, a mayor who presides over one…  has just stated that they are setting up a system to “purge” themselves of fake news.  does that mean cnn w…  jobs numbers in the history of our great country!  many other things likewise.  so why wouldn’t we win the midte…  caravans are a disgrace to the democrat party.  change the immigration laws now! full efforts are being made to stop the onslaught of illegal aliens from crossing our souther border.  people have t…  north dakota’s rep.  kevin cramer easily win debate with senator heidi heitk great job kevin, you will be a great senator! all levels of government and law enforcement are watching carefully for voter fraud, including during early voting. …  afternoon in elko, nevada.  thank you!  get out and vote today! !  #maga🇺🇸#jobsnotmobs   to nevada to help a man who has become a good friend, senator dean heller.  he is all about #maga and i need…  arizona after a fantastic rally last night, in mesa, honoring, and for, martha @repmcsally mcsally.  she is…  scott is known as easily one of the best governors in the usa.  florida is setting records in almost every cate…  @rondesantisfl desantis is working hard.  a great congressman and top student at harvard & yale, ron will be a r…  out and early vote for brian kemp.  he will be a great governor for the state of georgia! georgia secretary of state brian kemp will be a great governor.  he has been successful at whatever he has done, and…  the democrats would stop being obstructionists and come together, we could write up and agree to new immigration…  evening in mesa, arizona with great patriots - thank you!   #magarally🇺🇸replay:…  was outside of the massive totally full hangar tonight in mesa, arizona!   #maga🇺🇸  my way - see you all shortly!    - mesa, arizona!  look forward to joining everyone soon.  something’s happening! !  #maga🇺🇸  is what it is all about for the republican party!  #jobsnotmobs   o’rourke is a total lightweight compared to ted cruz, and he comes nowhere near representing the values and de…  of state mike pompeo was never given or shown a transcript or video of the saudi consulate event.  fake news! when referring to the usa, i will always capitalize the word country! congressman andy biggs is doing a great job for arizona and our country!   tester says one thing to voters and does the exact opposite in washington.  tester takes his orders form pelosi…  you missoula, montana.  get out and vote for @mattformontana and @gregformontana! !  #maga🇺🇸…  only thing keeping tester alive is he has millions and millions of dollars from outside liberals and leftists,…  be landing soon.  looking forward to seeing our next senator from montana, matt rosendale.  he will represent ou…  minister @abeshinzo of japan has been working with me to help balance out the one-sided trade with japan.  the…  you mexico, we look forward to working with you!   forward to being there.  something’s happening!  #maga  you believe this, and what democrats are allowing to be done to our country?   republicans support people with pre-existing conditions, and if they don’t, they will after i speak to them.  i…  you tonight missoula, montana!  #magarally🇺🇸 @secpompeo outside of the west wing after our meeting this morning in the oval office  crown prince.  he is waiting for the results of the investigations being done by the saudis and turkey, and j…  of state mike pompeo returned last night from saudi arabia and turkey.  i met with him this morning wherei…  @davebratva7th is one of the hardest working, and smartest, people in washington.  he is strong on the b…  assault on our country at our southern border, including the criminal elements and drugs pouring in, is far…  addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their popula…  am watching the democrat party led because they want open borders and existing weak laws assault on our country…  since his vicious and totally false statements about admiral ron jackson, the highly respected white house doc…  afternoon, it was my great honor to present @usmc sergeant major john canley the medal of honor in the east ro…  @usmc: live from the white house: sgt.  maj.  john canley becomes the 300th marine to receive the medal of honor.   neal dunn @dunnc of florida has done an outstanding job at everything having to do with #maga. …  educated women want safety, security and healthcare protections – very much along with financial and econom…  donald j.  trump is following through on his promise to cut burdensome red tape and unleash the american…  @gop: you can cast your ballot before election day in:➡️ks➡️nc➡️tnget out and vote ➡️   @gop: today is the last day to register to vote in massachusetts and wisconsin! register today ➡️   must make the horrendous, weak and outdated immigration laws, and the border, a part of the midterms! hard to believe that with thousands of people from south of the border, walking unimpeded toward our country in the…  news gave zero coverage to the big day the stock market had yesterday. ” @foxandfriendsaugust job openings hit a record 7. 14 million.  congratulations usa! ap headline was very different from my quote and meaning in the story.  they just can’t help themselves.  fake news! ted cruz has done so much for texas, including massive cuts in taxes and regulations - which has brought texas to t…  the debate last night & beto o’rourke, who wants higher taxes and far more regulations, is not in the same…  could be the most honest president in modern history.  when you look at the real barometer of presidential tr…  market up 548 points today.  also, great jobs numbers! elizabeth warren is being hammered, even by the left.  her false claim of indian heritage is only selling to very low i. q.  individuals! anybody entering the united states illegally will be arrested and detained, prior to being sent back to their country! we have today informed the countries of honduras, guatemala and el salvador that if they allow their citizens, or o…  will be interviewed tonight by trish regan on @foxbusiness at 8:00 p. m. , right after the great lou dobbs! rt @foxbusiness: tonight: @potus talks 2020 election in an exclusive interview with @trish_regan.  don't miss the full interview on 'trish r…wow, john james is making headway in michigan.  we are bringing jobs back to the state, and the people of michigan a…  the call, and told me that he has already started, and will rapidly expand, a full and complete investiga…  spoke with the crown prince of saudi arabia who totally denied any knowledge of what took place in their turki…  to  #maga🇺🇸  @whitehouse:  it really possible that bruce ohr, whose wife nellie was paid by simpson and gps fusion for work done on the fak…  between glen simpson’s testimony to another house panel about his contact with justice department officia…  judge throws out stormy danials lawsuit versus trump.  trump is entitled to full legal fees. ” @foxnews grea…  number just out, 7,036,000 job openings.  astonishing - it’s all working!  stock market up big on tremendo…  the record, i have no financial interests in saudi arabia or russia, for that matter.  any suggestion that i h…  more new manufacturing jobs now than with obama. ” @foxnews  @cvpaynethe united states has strongly informed the president of honduras that if the large caravan of people heading to th…  praises trump administrations efforts at the border. ” @foxnews  the  washington examiner states, “finally, t…  you to the cherokee nation for revealing that elizabeth warren, sometimes referred to as pocahontas, is a complete and total fraud! now that her claims of being of indian heritage have turned out to be a scam and a lie, elizabeth warren should apo…  the bad version, sometimes referred to as elizabeth warren, is getting slammed.  she took a bogus dna t…  we will prevail!   enrollment starts today on lower-priced medicare advantage plans so loved by our great seniors.  crazy bernie a…  @whitehouse: thank you to the law enforcement, first responders, and state, local, and federal officials who are helping in recovery eff…rt @whitehouse: first responders, @fema, the job they've done is incredible, president @realdonaldtrump said as he toured damage from #hu…just arrived in florida.  also thinking about our great alabama farmers and our many friends in north and south caro…  our way to florida and georgia! just spoke to the king of saudi arabia who denies any knowledge of whatever may have happened “to our saudi arabian…  be leaving for florida and georgia with the first lady to tour the hurricane damage and visit with fema, first…  crowds at my rallies are far bigger than they have ever been before, including the 2016 election.  never an empt…  only way to shut down the democrats new mob rule strategy is to stop them cold at the ballot box.  the fight fo…  @realdonaldtrump: i will be interviewed on “60 minutes” tonight at 7:00 p. m. , after nfl game.  enjoy! thank you to nbc for the correction!   you!   will be interviewed on “60 minutes” tonight at 7:00 p. m. , after nfl game.  enjoy! princess eugenie of york was a truly beautiful bride yesterday.  she has been through so much, and has come out a total winner! nbc news has totally and purposely changed the point and  meaning of my story about general robert e lee and genera…  to tucker carlson on the great success of his book, “ship of fools. ” it just went to number one! big day!  pastor andrew brunson, who could have spent 35 years in a turkish prison, was returned safely home to his…  you kentucky!  #maga🇺🇸  my way to richmond, kentucky for a make america great again rally at 7:00pme.  the crowds are once again, massive…  home pastor andrew brunson!   to the great state of kentucky - big rally for congressman andy barr - fantastic guy, need his vote for mag…  respected congressman keith rothfus r of pennsylvania is in the fight of his life because the dems changed…  a turkish prison to the white house in 24 hours. ”  kristin fisher of @foxnews   very cool! there was no deal made with turkey for the release and return of pastor andrew brunson.  i don’t make deals for host…  andrew brunson, released by turkey, will be with me in the oval office at 2:30 p. m.  this afternoon.  it wil…  243rd birthday to our great @usnavy!  #243navybday  @realdonaldtrump: don’t miss our great @flotus, melania, on @abc @abc2020 tonight at 10pme.  enjoy! beautiful make america great again rally in lebanon, ohio.  thank you!  #icymi, watch here:   great football and lacrosse player, jim brown outside the west wing of the @whitehouse.  he is also a tremendo…  @whitehouse:  #nationalfarmersday!  with the recent #usmca our great farmers will do better than ever before! !   miss our great @flotus, melania, on @abc @abc2020 tonight at 10pme.  enjoy! people have no idea how hard hurricane michael has hit the great state of georgia.  i will be visiting both florida…  made, promises kept!   to vote!    brunson just released.  will be home soon! my thoughts and prayers are with pastor brunson, and we hope to have him safely back home soon! so nice, everyone wants ivanka trump to be the new united nations ambassador.  she would be incredible, but i can al…  very hard on pastor brunson! rt @flguard: there are serious communication issues in the panhandle after #hurricanemichael.  if you are worried about someone, visit  @whitehouse: president trump provides an update on the response to hurricane michael:  @whitehouse: moments ago, president trump signed the music modernization act, which will close loopholes in our digital royalty laws to… highway patrol troopers are all en route to the panhandle, from all across the state of florida - to help t…  you to @fema and all first responders!  #hurricanemichael  you jacksonville sheriff’s office!  #hurricanemichael  overflow crowd tonight in erie, pennsylvania.  thank you to everyone who came out and joined us.  together, w…  you erie, pennsylvania!  remember to get out and vote!  #maga🇺🇸  @fema: it’s extremely important to keep sheltering in a safe place and to stay aware as #michael continues to move inland!   @usnationalguard: live update: @alabamang, @georgiaguard, @flguard and @ncnationalguard vehicles and personnel are staged and ready to p…rt @whitehouse: earlier today: president @realdonaldtrump, joined by homeland security @secnielsen, listens as @fema_brock briefs reporters…couldn’t let these great people down.  they have been lined up since last night - see you soon pennsylvania!   the @whitehouse for erie, pennsylvania.  i cannot disappoint the thousands of people that are there - and…  @usatoday: . @usatodayopinion: democrats want to outlaw private health care plans, taking away freedom to choose plans while letting anyo…rt @flguard: #hurricanemichael is here, but so are we.  stay safe, florida.  #floridafirst #flngalwaysthere  @erictrump: all my friends in missouri, today is your last chance to register to vote this november!  it is very easy to do - simply go t…we are with you florida!    so many positive events and victories, media reseach center reports that 92% of stories on donald trump are…  @nhc_surge: a destructive and life-threatening storm surge event will occur along portions of the florida panhandle, big bend, and natur…rt @faanews: due to #hurricanemichael, flights in your area could be delayed and possibly cancelled.  please continue to check the status of…rt @flsert: hurricane shelter locations are accessible from:  #hurricanemichael  @nhc_atlantic: hurricane #michael.   in addition to the life-threatening storm surge and wind impacts, heavy rainfall is expected across…rt @nhc_atlantic: hurricane force winds are expected to extend well inland over portions of the florida panhandle and portions of southeast…rt @nhc_atlantic: a storm surge warning remains in effect for much of the florida panhandle and big bend region, where life-threatening sto…rt @nhc_atlantic: nhc director ken graham will provide a facebook live broadcast regarding category 4 hurricane #michael at 8:45 a. m.  edt …rt @fema: as hurricane #michael nears land, take shelter & stay safe. 📱follow weather updates on your phone or radio. 🔹 in a tornado warn…walker stapleton is running as the highly respected republican candidate for governor of the great state of colorad…  @flgovscott: if you’re in an evacuation zone, i am urging you to leave right now.  do not risk your life or the lives of your loved ones-…thank you iowa & nebraska!  vote, vote, vote!    evening in iowa.  god bless the u. s. a. !  #maga🇺🇸  @fema: flooding from hurricane #michael will affect several states.  finish preparations asap and get ready to shelter in a safe location…rt @flotus: thank you egypt 🇪🇬 🇺🇸  @flotus: thank you kenya 🇰🇪 🇺🇸  has been relentless in securing the funding to fix the algae problem from lake okeechobee - we will so…  @scavino45: congratulations to our 114th supreme court justice, brett m.  kavanaugh!  #scotus🏛🇺🇸🔟📸  donald j.  trump approves florida emergency declaration”  to vote!    - it is imperative that you heed the directions of your state and local officials.  please be prepared, be c…  to be a cat.  3 which is even more intense than florence.  good news is, the folks in the pan handle can tak…  on its way to the florida pan handle with major elements arriving tomorrow.  could also hit, in later stag…  announcement with my friend ambassador nikki haley in the oval office at 10:30am. rt @realdonaldtrump:  be going to iowa tonight for rally, and more!  the farmers and all are very happy with usmca! great evening last night at the white house honoring justice kavanaugh and family.  our country is very proud of them! the paid d. c.  protesters are now ready to really protest because they haven’t gotten their checks - in other words,…  @nwstallahassee: 8am intermediate advisory from @nhc_atlantic upgrades #hurricanemichael into a category 2 hurricane.  keep in mind, wind…rt @fema: ⚠️if you're told to evacuate for hurricane #michael, don't delay.  leave as soon as possible.  listen to @flsert and local offici… to see @agpambondi launch a cutting-edge statewide school safety app in florida today - named by parkland sur…  day, our police officers race into darkened allies, deserted streets, & onto the doorsteps of the most harden…  thank you.  we salute you.  we honor you.  and we promise you: we will always have your back – now and forever! …  police officers have earned the everlasting gratitude of our nation.  in moments of danger & despair you a…  was my great honor to address the international association of chiefs of police annual convention in orlando, fl…  washington, d. c.  for the international association of chiefs of police annual convention in orlando, flor…  columbus’s spirit of determination & adventure has provided inspiration to generations of americans.  on…  @flotus: thank you kenya 🇰🇪 🇺🇸  had a good meeting with chairman kim today in pyongyang.  progress made on singapore summit agreements! …  don’t hand matches to an arsonist, and you don’t give power to an angry left-wing mob.  democrats have become to…  evening in topeka, kansas.  vote, vote, vote!  #maga  you kansas - i love you!   crowd in front of the u. s.  supreme court is tiny, looks like about 200 people & most are onlookers - that wou…  applaud and congratulate the u. s.  senate for confirming our great nominee, judge brett kavanaugh, to the united s…  have asked steve daines, our great republican senator from montana, to attend his daughter annie’s wedding rather…  for kavanaugh, and many others who support this very good man, are gathering all over capitol hill in prepara…  @realdonaldtrump: thank you minnesota - i love you!  @flotus: thank you malawi!  🇺🇸 🇲🇼  @flotus: thank you ghana!  🇺🇸 🇬🇭  proud of the u. s.  senate for voting “yes” to advance the nomination of judge brett kavanaugh! just out: 3. 7% unemployment is the lowest number since 1969! the very rude elevator screamers are paid professionals only looking to make senators look bad.  don’t fall for it! …  @newsobserver: presidential adviser and daughter @ivankatrump will make 3 stops in nc to see hurricane relief efforts, thank first respo…rt @scavino45: 🚨happening now | 2:08ame; our great @flotus, melania trumpvisiting a kenyan elephant orphanage evening in rochester, minnesota.  vote, vote, vote!   you minnesota - i love you!  made my second stop in minnesota for a make america great again rally.  we need to elect @karinhousley to the u…  bishop is doing a great job!  he helped pass tax reform which lowered taxes for everyone!  nancy pelosi i…  stocks widen global lead”  on national strategy for counterterrorism:   hard, thank you!   is now the 7th.  time the fbi has investigated judge kavanaugh.  if we made it 100, it would still not be good e…  @chatbycc: while armed with the power of our vote, we proudly & peacefully revoltednever doubt this was an american revolution#maga…this is a very important time in our country.  due process, fairness and common sense are now on trial! our country’s great first lady, melania, is doing really well in africa.  the people love her, and she loves them!  i…  harsh and unfair treatment of judge brett kavanaugh is having an incredible upward impact on voters.  the people…  such enthusiasm and energy for judge brett kavanaugh.  look at the energy, look at the polls.  something very bi…  thoughts and prayers are with the florence county sheriff’s office and the florence police department tonight, i…  spoke to president-elect andres manuel lopez obrador of mexico.  great call, we will work well together! i see it each time i go out to rallies in order to help some of our great republican candidates.  voters are really…  canada and the united states are a great partnership and will be a very formidable trading force.  we will n…  numbers on new jobs and, separately, services.  market up! thank you to congressman tom reed of new york for your wonderful comments on our great new trade deal with mexico a…  you governor phil bryant - it was my great honor to be there!  #maga  stock market just reached an all-time high during my administration for the 102nd time, a presidential record,…  failing new york times did something i have never seen done before.  they used the concept of “time value of mon…  @petesessions of texas is a true fighter and patriot.  highly respected in d. c.  by all, he always gets w…  @dhsgov: reminder: tomorrow, 10/3 at 2:18 pm edt, there will be a nationwide test of the wireless emergency alert system, in coordinatio…thank you mississippi - together, we are making america great again!   my administration provided historic levels of funding to improve school safety through stop school violence…  wage growth is at the highest it’s been in nearly 17 months -- and, according to a new study released by…  bless the u. s. a. !  #maga🇺🇸  you mississippi - i love you!   is really an incredible time for our nation - we are respected again!   @whitehouse: “america will always be a nation of great builders, because in america, we honor work, we honor grit, we honor craftsmanshi…“usmca wins praise as a victory for american industries and workers”➡️  of our great first lady - and she loves doing this!   it was my great honor to present the medal of honor to ronald j.  shurer ii, for his actions on april 6,…  only reason to vote for a democrat is if you’re tired of winning! great reviews on the new usmca.  thank you!  mexico and canada will be wonderful partners in trade and more long into the future. happy 7th birthday to tristan, a very special member of the trump family! wow - thank you tennessee!   you tennessee - i love you!   conference on the usmca this morning at 11:00 - rose garden of white house. congratulations to mexico and canada! . deficiencies and mistakes in nafta, greatly opens markets to our farmers and manufacturers, reduces trade barri…  last night, our deadline, we reached a wonderful new trade deal with canada, to be added into the deal already…  just starting to hear the democrats, who are only thinking obstruct and delay, are starting to put out the wor…  if african-american unemployment is now at the lowest number in history, median income the highest, and you then…  many, i don’t watch saturday night live even though i past hosted it - no longer funny, no talent or charm. …  news incorrectly reported as usual that i was limiting the fbi investigation of judge kavanaugh, and witnesse…  you west virginia - i love you!   to west virginia now.  big rally.  will be live on @foxnews tonight.  long lines, but will be great! senator richard blumenthal must talk about his fraudulent service in vietnam, where for 12 years he told the people…  started, tonight, our 7th fbi investigation of judge brett kavanaugh.  he will someday be recognized as a truly…  kavanaugh showed america exactly why i nominated him.  his testimony was powerful, honest, and riveting.  democ…  me this saturday in wheeling, west virginia at 7pme!  tickets:   @whitehouse: president trump and prime minister theresa may met for a bilateral meeting in new york 🇺🇸 🇬🇧  @whitehouse: this afternoon, president trump participated in a bilateral meeting with prime minister abe.  🇺🇸🇯🇵  @whitehouse: earlier today, president trump participated in a bilateral meeting with prime minister @netanyahu of israel.  🇺🇸🇮🇱  lee zeldin is doing a fantastic job in d. c.  tough and smart, he loves our country and will always be th…  @petehegseth: this @realdonaldtrump speech to the #unga should be required viewing in american high schools.  a beautiful articulation of…rt @newtgingrich: president trump’s united nations speech today is a remarkable outline of the power of patriotism, the importance of natio…china is actually placing propaganda ads in the des moines register and other papers, made to look like news.  that’…  is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations, like he did on me and like he is now doing…  claims fell to their lowest level in 49 years! consumer confidence hits an 18 year high, close to breaking the all-time record.  a big jump from last 8 years.  peop…  democrats are playing a high level con game in their vicious effort to destroy a fine person.  it is called the…  law enforcement people took the law into their own hands when it came to president trump. ” @lindseygrahamsc73rd session of the united nations general assembly #unga  confidence rose in september, notching its highest level in about 18 years.  the consumer board's index ro…  by president trump at a luncheon hosted by the secretary-general of the united nations”…  by president trump to the 73rd session of the united nations general assembly” ➡️  limbaugh to republicans: “you can kiss the midterms goodbye if you don’t get highly qualified kavanaugh approved. ”thank you dr.  jeffress!   you mark!   be speaking at the united nations this morning.  our country is much stronger and much richer than it was when…  requests, i have no plans to meet iranian president hassan rouhani.  maybe someday in the future.  i am sure…  party favorability is the highest it has been in 7 years - 3 points higher than democrats!   gallupthe democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man, and a man who has the potential to be one of our greates…  the midterms!  was my great honor to welcome president @emmanuelmacron of france to the united states, here in new york city, t…  was my great honor to welcome president @alsisiofficial of egypt to the united states this afternoon, in new yor…  statement on the united states-korea free trade agreement:   kavanaugh and his wife, ashley, will be interviewed tonight at 7pme on @marthamaccallum @foxnews.  this is an…  free trade agreement signing ceremony!   was my great honor to welcome and meet with president @moonriver365 jae-in of south korea today, in new york cit…  we commit to fighting the drug epidemic together!  #unga  by president trump at ‘global call to action on the world drug problem’ event” #unga➡️…  @scemd: now is the time to put safety first above everything else.  evacuate to a shelter if you need to, take your pets with you.  your l…prime minster @abeshinzo is coming up to trump tower for dinner but, most importantly, he just had a great landslid…  to new york.  will be with prime minister abe of japan tonight, talking military and trade.  we have done much…  is playing great.  looks like a big win could happen.  very exciting!  @tigerwoods economic records being set on a daily basis - and it is not by accident! god bless the u. s. a. !   @rsbnetwork: president @realdonaldtrump absolutely packs the house at jqh arena in springfield, mo.  #trumprally #redwave  @dcexaminer: we are standing up for your values, trump said closing his rally in springfield, missouri.  we are standing up for our na…rt @juliehdavis: for 2nd night in row at trump rally tonite in springfield, last nite in las vegas, crowd spontaneously breaks into cheer…rt @foxbusiness: . @potus: the stock market is up 55% your 401ks are up 50, 60, 70% in some cases.   you missouri - together, we are making america great again!   you missouri - i love you!  by president trump at the signing of h. r.  5895:   @w7voa: view of the line outside las vegas convention center of those waiting to get into the @realdonaldtrump #maga rally.  photos sent…rt @ramonagiwargis: the crowd roars as @realdonaldtrump takes the stage.  says he’s thrilled to be back in ne-vah-da.  “you have to say that…rt @miketokes: what an amazing trump rally in las vegas, nevada.  there must have been over 10,000 people here and trust me when i say it, w…rt @miketokes: we are outside the trump rally in las vegas.  there are thousands of conservatives here and the line extends all the way arou…rt @nvgop: energy and excitement for president @realdonaldtrump and his #americafirst agenda is through the roof!  #maga  @gop: “we’re fighting every day for our factories, our ranchers, our great miners, our farmers, and we are now the largest producer of e…rt @lindseygrahamsc: great job tonight by president @realdonaldtrump in las vegas laying out how strong america has become economically and…promises kept for our great veterans!   american history, the men and women of our armed forces have selflessly served our country, making treme…  feinstein and the democrats held the letter for months, only to release it with a bang after the hearings w…  been asked to review these documents on an expedited basis.  i believe he will move quickly on this and hop…  met with the doj concerning the declassification of various unredacted documents.  they agreed to release them but…  radical left lawyers want the fbi to get involved now.  why didn’t someone call the fbi 36 years ago? i will chair the united nations security council meeting on iran next week! i have no doubt that, if the attack on dr.  ford was as bad as she says, charges would have been immediately filed w…  brett kavanaugh is a fine man, with an impeccable reputation, who is under assault by radical left wing polit…  is winning again!   you las vegas, nevada - i love you!  #maga🇺🇸  america great again!  in las vegas now for a make america great again rally supporting @deanheller and @dannytarkanian.  also doin…  my way to las vegas, nevada.  look forward to seeing everyone tonight!  #maga  korea to be identified as a result of my summit with chairman kim.  these heroes are home, they may rest in…  master sgt.  charles h.  mcdaniel, 32, of vernon, indiana, and army pfc.  william h.  jones, 19, of nash county, n…  to my good friend prime minister @abeshinzo on his huge election victory in japan.  i’m looking forw…  is running for congress in the 11th district of new jersey.  he is outstanding in every way.  strong on…  500 hits all-time high  congratulations usa! i want to know, where is the money for border security and the wall in this ridiculous spending bill, and where wil…  thing that’s lacking is we can’t properly secure the border because of the democrats historic level of obst…  can’t secure the border because of the democrats historic level of obstruction.  the presidents fed up with this…  protect the countries of the middle east, they would not be safe for very long without us, and yet they continue…  and jobs numbers are fantastic.  there are plenty of new, high paying jobs available in our great and very…  new book by jason chaffetz appropriately called “the deep state. ” very interesting indeed! just returned to the white house from the great states of north carolina and south carolina where incredible work i…  donald j.  trump’s administration is providing support to those impacted by hurricane florence”  korea recommits to denuclearization - we’ve come a long way. ” @foxnews. it was impossible - and then already it’s over 4%, and i expect it’s going to grow faster and faster.  we’re jus…  recovery got started on election day 2016.  it took trump’s tax cuts and regulation cuts to get the economy boo…  home to the united states.  also, north and south korea will file a joint bid to host the 2032 olympics.  very exciting! kim jong un has agreed to allow nuclear inspections, subject to final negotiations, and to permanently dismantle a…  supreme court is one of the main reasons i got elected president.  i hope republican voters, and others, are wat…  it was my great honor to welcome @prezydentpl andrzej duda of poland to the @whitehouse!   i took action to strengthen our nation’s defenses against biological threats.  for the first time in history,…  you to our great coast guard for doing such a tremendous job - thousands of lives being saved! …  fema, our military, and our first responders, who are all unbelievable, are a disaster and not doing a good…  now, everybody is saying what a great job we are doing with hurricane florence – and they are 100% correct.  b…  71st birthday to our great united states air force!   has been taking advantage of the united states on trade for many years.  they also know that i am the one…  has openly stated that they are actively trying to impact and change our election by attacking our farmers, r…  which is unprecedented in our history. ” congressman peter king  really bad things were happening, but…  will be disclosed is that there was no basis for these fisa warrants, that the important information was kept…  as we celebrate hispanic heritage month, we share our gratitude for all the ways hispanic-americans make our…  met john james of michigan.  he has every single quality to be your next great senator from michigan.  when the…  was my great honor to host today’s inaugural meeting of the “president’s national council for the american worke…  constitution day!   me in las vegas, nevada at 7:00pm for a make america great again rally!  tickets:   deserve to know the lowest drug price at their pharmacy, but “gag clauses” prevent your pharmacist from t…  after comey’s firing peter strzok texted to his lover, lisa page “we need to open the case we’ve been w…  page testimony- no evidence of collusion before mueller appointment. ” @foxnews by catherine herridge.  therefo…  steel industry is the talk of the world.  it has been given new life, and is thriving.  billions of dollars is be…  have put the u. s.  in a very strong bargaining position, with billions of dollars, and jobs, flowing into ou…  lot of small & medium size enterprises are registering very good profit, sometimes record profits-there stocks a…  @fema: rain from #florence these next few days will cause flooding in many parts of the carolinas.  expect flash flooding at any time and…rt @dhsgov: if you see something, tell local authorities who or what you saw; when you saw it; where it occurred; and why it's suspicious. …rt @cbpflorida: 🇺🇸@cbp personnel and assets are in place responding with @fema.  aircrews and teams🚁🚤 from across the country are staging at…rt @edison_electric: while customers may not see electric company personnel in their neighborhoods, the energy grid is heavily interconnect…rt @femaregion4: listen to your local officials and only return when they say it is safe to do so.  #florence #florencenc  @uscgmidatlantic: #uscg crews have coordinated the rescue of 57 people and 8 pets so far!  #hurricaneflorence  @uscg: we know how much you love your pets and want to keep them safe from flooding.  🐶 #hurricaneflorence#florence @secnielsen: just finished briefing @potus, @vp, @whitehouse homeland security team on hurricane #florence w @fema_brock.  the entire fed…rt @scdhec: protect yourself and your family.  don't use a portable generator, grill, camp stove, or improperly vented heater indoors.  it ca…rt @cdcgov: power outage after the storm?  don’t run a generator, motor vehicle or any gasoline-powered engine less than 20 feet from an ope…rt @ncdot: this is the type of flooding much of our state is encountering.  travel is not safe, if not impassable!  help us keep limited rout…rt @fema: our urban search & rescue teams, along with @uscg & @nationalguard, have been supporting local responders for #florence water res…rt @secnielsen: i will be traveling to #northcarolina tomorrow to meet with state and local leadership responding to #florence, and to ensu…rt @deptofdefense: #pets are family, too.  🐶 @scnationalguard #soldiers conduct ongoing rescue and recovery efforts to help those affected b…rt @norad_northcom: i would like to highlight the incredible work that is being done by the state & local first responders.  we are posture…rt @scnationalguard: #scguard soldiers w/4-118 combined arms battalion conducted high water rescue &  evacuation in chesterfield county s. c…rt @femaespanol: #florence sigue causando inundaciones repentinas y tornados.  manténgase seguro y asegúrese de recibir actualizaciones por…rt @femaespanol: por favor comparta este mensaje de seguridad y exhorte a todos estar pendientes a las predicciones del clima.  #florence co…consumer sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year.  sentiment fell 11% in 2015, an obama year, and rose…  economic numbers in decades.  if the democrats take control, kiss your newfound wealth goodbye! watch @mariabartiromo at 6:00 p. m.  on @foxbusiness.  russian hoax the big topic!  mainstream media, often referred to…  to all of our mexican friends on national independence day.  we will be doing great things together! rt @foxnews: . @devinnunes: “i think full transparency is in order here. ” #sundayfutures @mariabartiromo  first responders and law enforcement are working really hard on hurricane florence.  as the storm begins to fi…  illegal mueller witch hunt continues in search of a crime.  there was never collusion with russia, except by the…  -- donald trump jr.  to obama: my dad fixed the economy you could not  via @breitbartnewsrt @fema: ⚡️ “hurricane florence response” disaster response requires teamwork and coordination at all levels.  check out the incredible t…five deaths have been recorded thus far with regard to hurricane florence!  deepest sympathies and warmth go out to…  will republican leadership learn that they are being played like a fiddle by the democrats on border security…  my our poll numbers are good, with the economy being the best ever, if it weren’t for the rigged russian wi…  of nevada is a great friend who supports the trump agenda.  he is strong on crime, the border and o…  keith rothfus continues to do a great job for the people of pennsylvania.  keith is strong on crime, the…  pete sessions of texas is doing a great job.  he is a fighter who will be tough on crime and the border,…  you brock – it is my honor! “we @fema have never had the support that we have had from this president. ” administrator @fema_brockrt @ncemergency: new evacuation orders are in place.  go to  to see if you are in an area with a mandatory or volunte…thank you @nycemergencymgt!   president obama said that he has been to “57 states,” very little mention in fake news media.  can you imagine…  research to tell them how many people had died in puerto rico how would they not know this? .  this method…  trump visited the island territory last october, officials told him in a briefing 16 people had died from mar…  job fema, first responders and law enforcement - not easy, very dangerous, tremendous talent.  america is prou…  thoughts and prayers are with evelyn rodriguez this evening, along with her family and friends.  #ripevelyn  story of puerto rico is the rebuilding that has occurred.  the president has done an extraordinary job of clean…  say all these people died in the storm in puerto rico, yet 70% of the power was out before the storm.  so when…  up the great work - thank you!   @fema: over 1,150 @fema urban search and rescue personnel are integrated with state & local teams in nc, sc, & va to help with rescues a…we love the #cajunnavy - thank you!  #florencehurricane2018  @noaasatellites: #goeseast captured these two dramatic views of #hurricaneflorence shortly after the storm made landfall near wrightsvil…rt @deptofdefense: more than 7,000 #servicemembers, @usnationalguard and #activeduty, are standing by to assist as #hurricaneflorence hits…rt @ncemergency: use these resources to get help or more info.  for emergencies, call 911.  to receive info on shelters, evacuations & storm…rt @ncemergency: #florencenc safety tips:- stay indoors.  do not venture out during the storm. - do not drive or walk through stagnant or m…rt @nhc_atlantic: new: #hurricane #florence has made landfall near wrightsville beach, north carolina at 7:15 am edt 1115 utc with estima…incredible job being done by fema, first responders, law enforcement and all.  thank you! rt @usnationalguard: today, nearly 3,000 national guard members from guam, hawaii, maryland, north carolina, south carolina and virginia ar…rt @fema: we have created a rumor control page for hurricane #florence that will be updated regularly.  during disasters, it’s critical to a…rt @femaespanol: hoy es el último día para desalojar.  si está en la ruta de #florence, escuche a las autoridades locales para órdenes de de…rt @redcross: we are on the ground helping prepare for #hurricaneflorence.  more than 1,600 people spent last night in 36 red cross and comm…rt @hhsgov: if you're ordered to evacuate ahead of #hurricaneflorence: ➡️ take only essential items ➡️ turn off the gas, electricity, an…rt @fema: if you're in a mandatory evacuation zone for #florence, your window of time to leave is closing rapidly.  here are the zones for s…rt @nhc_atlantic: do not focus on the wind speed category of #hurricane #florence!   life-threatening storm surge flooding, catastrophic fla…rt @redcross: more than 1,500 red cross disaster workers are helping #hurricaneflorence relief efforts.  some 80 emergency response vehicles…rt @dhsgov: for those in the path of hurricane #florence, make sure you have downloaded your states sc, nc, va official emergency app + t…rt @dhsgov: north carolinaitunes: google play: virginiaitunes: g…rt @scemd: 6 inches of moving water can knock an adult off their feet.  stay away from moving water!  #floodsafety #florence #hurricanefloren…rt @scemd: as #hurricaneflorence begins to affect #sc, residents who were unable to evacuate should stay indoors during the #hurricane & aw…rt @vdem: for travel information call 5-1-1 or follow local vdot social media accounts.  to find out how hurricane florence impacts your are…rt @ncdot: we cannot share this enough: in case of flooding, move to higher ground.  and do not drive into standing or flooded water.  if you…rt @fema: stay safe and shelter away from windows on the lowest floor that’s not subject to flooding.  if you get trapped in a flooded build…gina is great!   kerry had illegal meetings with the very hostile iranian regime, which can only serve to undercut our great wo…  @loudobbs: #fakenews- the hurricane maria death tolls have been inflated & president @realdonaldtrump was right to call out organization…rt @nws: important note as #florence continues to close in on the carolina coastline, storm surge is not just an ocean problem tonight.  s…rt @danscavino: jamie dimon loves president trump.  if he were to run in 2020, he’d have a zero percent chance.  ¯\_ツ_/¯  debbie stabenow and the democrats are totally against approving the farm bill.  they are fighting tooth and…  you @usnationalguard!  #hurricaneflorence  was just briefed on hurricane florence.  fema, first responders and law enforcement are supplied and ready.  we are…  you @uscg!   wall street journal has it wrong, we are under no pressure to make a deal with china, they are under pressure t…  @fema: storm surge is deadly.  anyone in an evacuation zone in the carolinas and virginia must leave now if they haven't yet.  #florence h…. . this was done by the democrats in order to make me look as bad as possible when i was successfully raising bil…  people did not die in the two hurricanes that hit puerto rico.  when i left the island, after the storm had hit…  income hits all-time high! ” @foxandfriends  and will continue to rise unless the dems get in and destroy what we have built. rt @realdonaldtrump: “i can say, as it relates to the senate intelligence committee investigation, that we have no hard evidence of collusi…rt @realdonaldtrump: “president trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% gdp,” stated president obama.  i guess i have a magic wand, 4. 2%,…rt @realdonaldtrump:  @realdonaldtrump: “we have found nothing to show collusion between president trump & russia, absolutely zero, but every day we get more…. . ”it is a cesspool of corruption, and the people who did this need to be brought to justice. ”  @greggjarrettmore text messages between former fbi employees peter strzok and lisa page are a disaster and embarrassment to the…  are completely ready for hurricane florence, as the storm gets even larger and more powerful.  be careful! the problem with banker jamie dimon running for president is that he doesn’t have the aptitude or “smarts” & is a p…  it was my great honor to host a congressional medal of honor society reception at the @whitehouse!     is imperative that everyone follow local evacuation orders.  this storm is extremely dangerous.  be safe! …  can say, as it relates to the senate intelligence committee investigation, that we have no hard evidence of coll…  florence may now be dipping a bit south and hitting a portion of the great state of georgia.  be ready, be prepared!  florence is looking even bigger than anticipated.  it will be arriving soon.  fema, first responders and la…  got a pluses for our recent hurricane work in texas and florida and did an unappreciated great job in puerto ri…  president has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever & that the special counsel has no evidence of a…  maxine waters: “after we impeach trump, we’ll go after mike pence.  we’ll get him. ”  @foxnews  where are the d…  the information, and causing the appointment of a special c without having the courage of his own convic…  know who’s at fault for this more than anyone else, comey, because he leaked information and laundered it thro…  #september11th  @whitehouse: . @realdonaldtrump and @flotus visited the flight 93 national memorial in pennsylvania this morning to honor the memories of…the safety of american people is my absolute highest priority.  heed the directions of your state and local official…  business optimism soars to highest level ever | breitbart  via @breitbartnews#neverforget #september11th  years since september 11th! departing washington, d. c.  to attend a flight 93 september 11th memorial service in shanksville, pennsylvania with…  giuliani did a great job as mayor of nyc during the period of september 11th.  his leadership, bravery and skil…  holder could be running the justice department right now and it would be behaving no differently than it is. ” @loudobbsnew strzok-page texts reveal “media leak strategy. ”  @foxnews  so terrible, and nothing is being done at doj or fbi…   #september11th  have found nothing to show collusion between president trump & russia, absolutely zero, but every day we get mo…  had calls with south carolina governor henry mcmaster, north carolina governor roy cooper, and virginia govern…  people just informed me that this is one of the worst storms to hit the east coast in many years.  also, looking…  just briefed via phone by @dhsgov @secnielsen and @fema @fema_brock, along with @vp mike pence and chief of sta…  schumer is holding up 320 appointments ambassadors, executives, etc.  of great people who have left jobs and…  the incredible citizens of north carolina, south carolina and the entire east coast - the storm looks very bad! …  storms in the atlantic are very dangerous.  we encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselve…  trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% gdp,” stated president obama.  i guess i have a magic wand, 4. …  economy is soooo good, perhaps the best in our country’s history remember, it’s the economy stupid! , that the…  is mostly anonymous sources in here, why should anyone trust you?  general mattis, general kelly said it’s not t…  @realdonaldtrump: the woodward book is a scam.  i don’t talk the way i am quoted.  if i did i would not have been elected president.  these…rt @realdonaldtrump: “trump has set economic growth on fire.  during his time in office, the economy has achieved feats most experts thought…rt @the_trump_train: @realdonaldtrump stand for the national anthem!   taking this book with a grain of salt & everyone should do the same.  multiple sources, but almost every one of…  white house is a “smooth running machine. ” we are making some of the biggest and most important deals in our co…  woodward book is a joke - just another assault against me, in a barrage of assaults, using now disproven unname…  the democrats had won the election in 2016, gdp, which was about 1% and going down, would have been minus 4% ins…  gdp rate 4. 2% is higher than the unemployment rate 3. 9% for the first time in over 100 years! melania and i wish all jewish people shana tova and send our warmest greetings to those celebrating rosh hashanah a…  commitment to denuclearize. ” @foxnews  this is a big and very positive statement from north korea.  thank you…  korea has just staged their parade, celebrating 70th anniversary of founding, without the customary display o…  nfl first game ratings are way down over an already really bad last year comparison.  viewership declined 13%,…  has set economic growth on fire.  during his time in office, the economy has achieved feats most experts thou…  the u. s.  sells a car into china, there is a tax of 25%.  if china sells a car into the u. s. , there is a tax of 2%…  has abruptly killed a plan to sell a chinese-made small vehicle in the u. s.  because of the prospect of higher…  obama talked a lot about hope, but donald trump delivered the american dream.  all the economic indicators,…  @danscavino:  anniversary!  #prouddeplorable  @thejtlewis: @realdonaldtrump president trump will win in 2020 in an even bigger landslide than 2016!  you are the greatest president eve…so nice, thank you both!   dems have tried every trick in the playbook-call me everything under the sun.  but if i’m all of those terrible…  are doing really well with the senate midterms.  races that we were not even thinking about winning are…  social media and beyond stars, @diamondandsilk, are terrific people who are doing really well.  we are all ver…  true!  “mr.  trump remains the single most popular figure in the republican party, whose fealty has helped buoy ca…  prices may increase because of the massive tariffs we may be imposing on china - but there is an easy solutio…  are breaking all jobs and economic records but, importantly, our country has tremendous future potential.  we have just begun! “to this point, president trump’s achievements are unprecedented. ”  @loudobbsdave hughes is running for congress in the great state of minnesota.  he will help us accomplish our america first p…  @ericbolling: watching @barackobama take credit for @realdonaldtrump successes is disgraceful. score so far-trump:-unemployment rate…rt @richardgrenell: fact check: @realdonaldtrump kicked the nazi out of nyc after 14 years and multiple presidents allowed him to stay.  htt…rt @calebjhull: “i complained plenty about fox news, but i never threatened to shut them down. ”it’s probably a good time to remind you th…rt @scavino45: . @larry_kudlow: “job gains, wage growth show trump's economic boom continues”  days for $28 million - $2 million a day, no collusion.  a great day for america! “unprecedented jobs growth streak continues as wages rise”  our horrible immigration laws, the government is frequently blocked from deporting criminal aliens with viole…  woodward book is a scam.  i don’t talk the way i am quoted.  if i did i would not have been elected president.  th…  rosendale will be a great senator from a great state, montana!  he is a fighter who will be tough on crime and…  was nike thinking? thank you montana, i love you!   america great again!   ready to go on stage for matt rosendale, who will be a great senator.  jon tester has let the people of mont…  in montana now to support matt rosendale for u. s.  senate!  #maga  the investigative “journalists” of the new york times going to investigate themselves - who is the anonymous letter writer? look forward to seeing everyone in montana tonight!  #maga  record is quite remarkable.  the president has faithfully followed the agenda he c on in 2016.  people…  confidence highest in 18 years, atlanta fed forecasts 4. 7 gdp, manufacturing jobs highest in many years.  “i…  deep state and the left, and their vehicle, the fake news media, are going crazy - & they don’t know what to do…  jong un of north korea proclaims “unwavering faith in president trump. ” thank you to chairman kim.  we will get it done together! i’m draining the sw and the swamp is trying to fight back.  don’t worry, we will win! does the so-called “senior administration official” really exist, or is it just the failing new york times with ano…  failing new york times!   it was my honor to welcome the amir of kuwait to the @whitehouse!    me tomorrow night at 7:00pm mdt in billings, montana for a make america great again rally!  get your tickets he…  you general mattis, book is boring & untrue!   you general kelly, book is total fiction!   like the nfl, whose ratings have gone way down, nike is getting absolutely killed with anger and boycotts.  i w…  trump economy is booming with help of house and senate gop.  #farmbill with snap work  requirements will bolster…  everyone agrees that my administration has done more in less than two years than any other administration in…  it a shame that someone can write an article or book, totally make up stories and form a picture of a person…  mattis nukes woodward allegations”  mattis calls woodward book 'fiction': 'product of someone's rich imagination'  via @breitbartnewsthe already discredited woodward book, so many lies and phony sources, has me calling jeff sessions “mentally retar…  eyes chuck todd of fake nbc news said it’s time for the press to stop complaining and to start fighting back…  woodward book has already been refuted and discredited by general secretary of defense james mattis and gener…  from white house @presssec, sarah sanders:  from white house chief of staff, general john kelly:  from secretary of defense, james mattis:  brett kavanaugh is an exceptionally qualified and deserving nominee for the supreme court”  cook is a decorated marine corps veteran who loves and supports our military and vets.  he is strong on crime,…  to america’s workers”  to inflict pain and embarrassment to one of the most highly renowned jurists to ever appear before congress.  so sad to see! the brett kavanaugh hearings for the future justice of the supreme court are truly a display of how mean, angry, an…  kyl will be an extraordinary senator representing an extraordinary state, arizona.  i look forward to working with him! everyone in the path of #gordon please heed the advice of state and local officials and follow @nhc_atlantic for up…  fake news, which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the harvey weinstein story, is now fumbling aroun…  bashar al-assad of syria must not recklessly attack idlib province.  the russians and iranians would be ma…  to the failing new york times, the fbi started a major effort to flip putin loyalists in 2014-2016.  “it w…  see that john kerry, the father of the now terminated iran deal, is thinking of running for president.  i should o…  democrats, none of whom voted for jeff sessions, must love him now.  same thing with lyin’ james comey.  the…  long running, obama era, investigations of  two very popular republican congressmen were brought to a well publ…  @ivankatrump: today, on #laborday, let’s also recognize the amazing stay-at-home parents across america, who seldom receive the credit t…rt @whitehouse: in july, president trump announced the pledge to america's workers.  in little more than a month since, millions of new oppo…the u. s.  is respected again!   trumka, the head of the afl-cio, represented his union poorly on television this weekend.  some of the thing…  worker in america is doing better than ever before.  celebrate labor day! happy labor day!  our country is doing better than ever before with unemployment setting record lows.  the u. s.  has t…  @coreystewartva: in the u. s.  senate i'll be working with @realdonaldtrump on his #maga agenda -- and that includes having the backs of a…rt @coreystewartva: about 200,000 #virginia residents are federal workers; as i travel the state this #laborday weekend, virginians are say…rt @secpompeo: on behalf of the american people, special thank you to @commander_rs gen nicholson for his 2+ years of service leading @nato…rt @realdonaldtrump: . @rasmussen_poll just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense fake news.  higher than election d…. the fact is that african/american unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country.  same with asian…  woods showed great class in the way he answered the question about the office of the presidency and me.  now t…  @coreystewartva: federal workers endured 8 years of hell under obama, with several rounds of pay freezes and benefit cuts.  @realdonald…rt @realdonaldtrump: make america great again! rt @realdonaldtrump: we shouldn’t have to buy our friends with bad trade deals and free military protection! “there is no possible way the trump tower meeting between don trump jr and a couple of russians, who have very deep…  information was ever given by the trump team to russia, yet the hillary clinton c paid for information f…  of power.  that’s part of the story of the russia hoax.  christopher steele is on the payroll of hillar…  no fairness here, if you’re a democrat or a friend of hillary you get immunity or off scott free.  if you’r…  shouldn’t have to buy our friends with bad trade deals and free military protection! make america great again! no deal!  trade talks with canada conclude for the week with no agreement | breitbart  via @breitbartnews. remember, nafta was one of the worst trade deals ever made.  the u. s.  lost thousands of businesses and millions…  is no political necessity to keep canada in the new nafta deal.  if we don’t make a fair deal for the u. s.  aft…  trump, and now we find out that there wasn’t even a hearing - that donald trump’s 4th amendment right to…  have a fake dossier, gathered by steele, paid by the clinton team to get information on trump.  the dossier is…  the doj & fbi are completely out to lunch in terms of exposing and holding those accountable who are respons…  there were no fisa hearings held over spy documents. ”it is astonishing that the fisa courts couldn’t hold h…  love canada, but they’ve taken advantage of our country for many years! “i think today what has happened is that news reporting has become part of the adversary system. ” alan dershowitz…  can’t believe that bloomberg violated a firm off the record statement.  will they put out an apology? great day in north carolina where republicans will do very well! the abc/washington post poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 election.  i call it a supp…  just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense fake news.  higher than electio…  donald j.  trump is strengthening retirement security for american workers”  i made off the record comments to bloomberg concerning canada, and this powerful understanding was blatantly v…  will be doing a major rally for senator ted cruz in october.  i’m picking the biggest stadium in texas we can find…  you indiana, i love you!  thursday!  #maga  stitt ran a great winning c against a very tough opponent in oklahoma.  kevin is a very successful busi…  is working frantically to find their “source. ” look hard because it doesn’t exist.  whatever was left of cnn’s credibility is now gone! will be going to evansville, indiana, tonight for a big crowd rally with mike braun, a very successful businessman…  am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of don mcgahn as white house counsel!  i liked don,…  rigged russia witch hunt did not come into play, even a little bit, with respect to my decision on don mcgahn! wow, nellie ohr, bruce ohr’s wife, is a russia expert who is fluent in russian.  she worked for fusion gps where she…  only thing james comey ever got right was when he said that president trump was not under investigation! ivanka trump & jared kushner had nothing to do with the so called “pushing out” of don mcgahn. the fake news media h…  news from the financial markets is even better than anticipated.  for all of you that have made a fortune in the…  just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the media is.  truth doesn’t matter to them, they…  going on at @cnn is happening, to different degrees, at other networks - with @nbcnews being the worst.  the…  hatred and extreme bias of me by @cnn has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function.  but actually…  kanye west says trump wants to be the ‘greatest president’ for black americans  via @breitbartnewscharge of the fisa court.  he should direct the presiding judge, rosemary collier, to hold a hearing, haul all of…  told the fbi it the fake dossier wasn’t true, it was a lie and the fbi was determined to use it anyway to da…  davis admits being anonymous source in cnn report. ” @bretbaier  oh well, so much for cnn saying it wasn’t la…  is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake.  s…  they will be resolved in time by president trump and china’s great president xi jinping.  their rela…  money on joint u. s. -south korea war games.  besides, the president can instantly start the joint exercises aga…  aid, including money, fuel, fertilizer and various other commodities.  this is not helpful!  nonethel…  from the white housepresident donald j.  trump feels strongly that north korea is under tremendous press…   the hell is bruce ohr still employed at the justice department?  disgraceful!   witch hunt! consumer confidence index, just out, is the highest in 18 years!  also, gdp revised upward to 4. 2 from 4. 1.  our country is doing great! white house counsel don mcgahn will be leaving his position in the fall, shortly after the confirmation hopefully…  mcsally is an extraordinary woman.  she was a very talented fighter jet pilot and is now a highly respected m…  you see “anonymous source,” stop reading the story, it is fiction! “anonymous sources are really starting to burn the media. ” @foxnews the fact is that many anonymous sources don’t e…  election wins last night!  the republican party will make america great again!  actually, it is happening faster…  clinton and the dnc paid for information from the russian government to use against her government - there…  obama people did something that’s never been donethey spied on a rival presidential c would it be o…  only did congressman ron desantis easily win the republican primary, but his opponent in november is his bigges…  mcsally, running in the arizona primary for u. s.  senate, was endorsed by rejected senator jeff flake. and…  clinton’s emails, many of which are classified information, got hacked by china.  next move better be by the…  poll - a majority of americans think that john brennan and james comey should have their security clearances re…  new trade deal with mexico focuses on farmers, growth for our country, tearing down trade barriers, jobs and ha…  the 2026 world cup to our long list of accomplishments! report just out: “china hacked hillary clinton’s private email server. ” are they sure it wasn’t russia just kiddin…  to governor rick scott of florida on his conclusive republican primary win.  he will be a great senator! such a fantastic win for ron desantis and the people of the great state of florida.  ron will be a fantastic governor.  on to november!  confidence pops in august to highest level since october 2000”  on “trump news” are from national left-wing media, very dangerous.  google & others are suppressing voic…  search results for “trump news” shows only the viewing/reporting of fake news media.  in other words, they ha…  smile at senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the u. s.  what they don’t say is that we los…  has just gone above 8000 for the first time in history! “president trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades. ”  @loudobbsvote for ron!   melania and i were honored to welcome the president of the republic of kenya, @ukenyatta and mrs.  margaret…  @flotus: it was a pleasure having @firstladykenya at the @whitehouse today.   i enjoyed learning about @beyondzerokenya & discussing our…united states-mexico trade agreement:   doug ducey of arizona is doing a great job.  it would be really nice to show your support tomorrow by votin…  ron desantis is a special person who has done an incredible job.  he is running in tuesdays primary for…  scott of florida is doing a fantastic job as governor.  jobs are pouring into the state and its economic health…  big deal looking good with mexico! the fake news media worked hard to get tiger woods to say something that he didn’t want to say.  tiger wouldn’t play…  you to the great @jimbrownnfl32, perhaps the greatest running back of all time, for your wonderful words and…  90% approval rating for your all time favorite i hope president within the republican party and 52% overall. …  media tries to rewrite history to credit obama for trump accomplishments.  since president trump took of…  numbers on consumer spending released on friday.  stock market hits all time high! and it will get, as i have always said, much better from even here!   @realdonaldtrump: social media giants are silencing millions of people.  can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear fake new…rt @realdonaldtrump: big story out that the fbi ignored tens of thousands of crooked hillary emails, many of which are really bad.  also gav…rt @realdonaldtrump: . fisa abuse, christopher steele & his phony and corrupt dossier, the clinton foundation, illegal surveillance of tr…rt @realdonaldtrump: “department of justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations. ” jeff, this is great, what every…my deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of senator john mccain.  our hearts and prayers are with you! stock market hit all time high on friday.  congratulations u. s. a. ! our relationship with mexico is getting closer by the hour.  some really good people within both the new and old gov…  fbi looked at less than 1%” of crooked’s emails! “the fbi only looked at 3000 of 675,000 crooked hillary clinton emails. ” they purposely didn’t look at the disaster…  story out that the fbi ignored tens of thousands of crooked hillary emails, many of which are really bad.  also…   “every president deserves an attorney general they have confidence in.  i believe every president…  sessions said he wouldn’t allow politics to influence him only because he doesn’t understand what is happening…  cohen’s attorney clarified the record, saying his client does not know if president trump knew about the t…  birthday vince, you are truly one of the greats!   #statedinner2018 in ohio tonight!  together, we are making america great again!   to see the senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices, something i c…  to new australian prime minister scott morrison.  there are no greater friends than the united states and australia! i spoke with governor david ige of hawaii today to express our full support for the people of hawaii as the state i…  you.  i love you ohio!   pompeo looks forward to going to north korea in the near future, most likely after our trading relatio…  because of our much tougher trading stance with china, i do not believe they are helping with the…  have asked secretary of state mike pompeo not to go to north korea, at this time, because i feel we are not makin…  media giants are silencing millions of people.  can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear fake…  contractor to spend 63 months in jail over “classified” information.  gee, this is “small potatoes” compared…  abuse, christopher steele & his phony and corrupt dossier, the clinton foundation, illegal surveillance of…  of justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations. ” jeff, this is great, what ev…  economy is setting records on virtually every front - probably the best our country has ever done.  tremendous v…  ceo raves about the economy.  “this is the best consumer environment i’ve seen in my career. ” a big statement…  according to polls, would do even better today!   @danscavino: “2020 odds: @realdonaldtrump favored more than every other challenger combined” via @secretsbedard @dcexaminer  has voted for our agenda in the senate 100% of the time and has my complete and total endorsement.  we need…  has helped me put america first!  she’s strong on the wall, is helping me create jobs, loves our ve…  have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide hawaii the necessary support ahead of #hurricanelane…  was my great honor to host the foreign investment risk review modernization act roundtable today at the…  collusion - rigged witch hunt! i have asked secretary of state @secpompeo to closely study the south africa land and farm seizures and expropriati…  only thing that i have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by crooked hillary clinton…  will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt tomorrow from 6:00 a. m.  to 9:00 a. m.   enjoy! rt @scavino45: today, president trump welcomed the family of @usairforce tech.  sgt.  john a.  chapman, medal of honor recipient, to the oval… bull run in the history of the stock market, congratulations america!  in the path of #hurricanelane please prepare yourselves, heed the advice of state and local officials, and…  you to democrat assemblyman dov hikind of new york for your very gracious remarks on @foxandfriends for our d…  cohen plead guilty to two counts of c finance violations that are not a crime.  president obama had a…  large number of counts, ten, could not even be decided in the paul manafort case.  witch hunt! i feel very badly for paul manafort and his wonderful family.  “justice” took a 12 year old tax case, among other th…  anyone is looking for a good lawyer, i would strongly suggest that you don’t retain the services of michael cohen! thank you west virginia.  i love you!   america great again!   landed in west virginia.  big crowd, looking forward to seeing everyone soon!  #magajoin me tonight at the charleston civic center in west virginia at 7:00pme!  tickets:  the incredible people of the great state of wyoming: go vote today for foster friess - he will be a fantastic go…  deblasio, the high taxing mayor of nyc, just stole my c slogan: promises made  promises kept!  that’s no…  rally tonight in west virginia.  patrick morrisey is running a great race for u. s.  senate.  i have done so much f…  am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the border into the…  news, of which there is soooo much this time the very tired new yorker falsely reported that i was going to…  james clapper has admonished john brennan for having gone totally off the rails.  maybe clapper is being nice t…  blue wave means crime and open borders.  a red wave means safety and strength! i am hearing so many great things about the republican party’s california gubernatorial candidate, john cox.  he is…  be going to the great state of west virginia on tuesday night to c & do a rally speech for a hard worki…  watched former intelligence official phillip mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful…  is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment & potential.  she is running as a very popular repub…  is outrageous that poisonous synthetic heroin fentanyl comes pouring into the u. s.  postal system from china.  we…  ohr is at the center of false allegations which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what appare…  bruce ohr, whose family received big money for helping to create the phony, dirty and discredited dossier, eve…  wants to keep their security clearance, it’s worth great prestige and big dollars, even board seats, and…  hope john brennan, the worst cia director in our country’s history, brings a lawsuit.  it will then be very easy t…  the collusion?  they made up a phony crime called collusion, and when there was no collusion they say there…  for trouble.  they are enjoying ruining people’s lives and refuse to look at the real corruption on the…  and discredited bob mueller and his whole group of angry democrat thugs spent over 30 hours with the whit…  the late joseph mccarthy, because we are now in period with mueller and his gang that make joseph mccarthy lo…  members of the media are very angry at the fake story in the new york times.  they actually called to complain…  failing new york times wrote a story that made it seem like the white house councel had turned on the president…  collusion and no obstruction, except by crooked hillary and the democrats.  all of the resignations and corruptio…  have demanded transparency so that this rigged and disgusting witch hunt can come to a close.  so many lives…  failing @nytimes wrote a fake piece today implying that because white house councel don mcgahn was giving hours…  allowed white house counsel don mcgahn, and all other requested members of the white house staff, to fully cooper…  united states has ended the ridiculous 230 million dollar yearly development payment to syria.  saudi arabia and…  economy is stronger and better than ever before.  importantly, there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time! great job  rachel c on @foxandfriends. has anyone looked at the mistakes that john brennan made while serving as cia director?  he will go down as easily t…  of the fools that are so focused on looking only at russia should start also looking in another direction, chin…  many voices are being destroyed, some good & some bad, and that cannot be allowed to happen.  who is making…  is a very dangerous thing & absolutely impossible to police.  if you are weeding out fake news, ther…  media is totally discriminating against republican/conservative voices.  speaking loudly and clearly for the…  gain is a federal gratuity statute violation, bribery statute violation, honest services violation…  ohr of doj is in legal jeopardy, it’s astonishing that he’s still employed.  bruce & nelly ohr’s bank account…  news has learned that bruce ohr wrote christopher steele following the firing of james comey saying that he wa…  say andrew’s was a bigger and more incompetent blunder.  he should easily win his race against a super liberal…  is worse, hightax andrew cuomo's statement, “we’re not going to make america great again, it was never that g…  a politician admits that “we’re not going to make america great again,” there doesn’t seem to be much reason t…  big pushback on governor andrew cuomo of new york for his really dumb statement about america’s lack of greatn…  u. s.  has more than double the growth rate than it had 18 months ago. just announced, youth unemployment is at a 50 year low!   @foxandfriends. attend the big parade already scheduled at andrews air force base on a different date, & go to the paris parade…  local politicians who run washington, d. c.  poorly know a windfall when they see it.  when asked to give us a p…  does a politician, cuomo, known for pushing people and businesses out of his state, not to mention having the h…  speaking with some of the world’s top business leaders i asked what it is that would make business jobs even b…  in 2017.  if his statement is based on intelligence he has seen since leaving office, it constitutes a…  brennan’s recent statements purport to know as fact that the trump c colluded with a foreign power…  incredibly corrupt fbi & doj trying to steer the outcome of a presidential election.  brennan has gone off t…  can “senator” richard blumenthal, who went around for twenty years as a connecticut politician bragging that he…  speaking of john brennan: “how did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be cia direc…  concerned about comey’s firing, afraid they will be exposed,” said bruce ohr.  doj’s emails & notes show bruce…  steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets, he also asked for help with a russian oligarch. ”  cat…  fbi received documents from bruce ohr of the justice department & whose wife nelly worked for fusion gps. ” d…  has taken advantage of the united states for many years.  they are now holding our wonderful christian pastor…  you for the kind words omarosa!   @cabinet meeting today at the @whitehouse!   queen of soul, aretha franklin, is dead.  she was a great woman, with a wonderful gift from god, her voice.  she will be missed! there is nothing that i would want more for our country than true freedom of the press.  the fact is that the press…  boston globe, which was sold to the the failing new york times for 1. 3 billion dollars plus 800 million dollar…  fake news media is the opposition party.  it is very bad for our great country. but we are winning! our economy is doing better than ever.  money is pouring into our cherished dollar like rarely before, companies ear…  strip the whole bunch of them.  they’re all corrupt.  they’ve all abused their power.  they’ve all betrayed the a…  levin “when they had power they didn’t stop the russians, the chinese, the north koreans, they funded the iran…  not going to make america great again, it was never that great. ” can you believe this is the governor of the…  clinton clearly got a pass by the fbi.  we have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were…  brennan is a stain on the country, we deserve better than this. ” former secret service agent and author of ne…  @rasmussen_poll: today’s @realdonaldtrump approval ratings among black voters: 36% this day last year: 19%  @…chuck schumer, i agree!   country was built on tariffs, and tariffs are now leading us to great new trade deals - as opposed to the horri…  birthday to the leader of the democrat party, maxine waters! “the action the strzok firing was a decisive step in the right direction in correcting the wrongs committed by wh…  rigged russian witch hunt goes on and on as the “originators and founders” of this scam continue to be fired an…  friend and very early supporter kris kobach won the republican nomination for governor of kansas last night in a…  is about time that connecticut had a real and talented governor.  bob stefanowski is the person needed to do the…  won big last night in minnesota.  a big star in hockey, he will be an even bigger star in politics.  it…  who enter the united states without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be trea…  to bryan steil on a wonderful win last night.  you will be replacing a great guy in paul ryan, and y…  johnson of minnesota had a big night in winning the republican nomination for governor against a very strong a…  walker is very special and will have another great win in november.  he has done a fantastic job as governor o…  to leah vukmir of wisconsin on your great win last night.  you beat a very tough and good competitor…  republican election results last night.  so far we have the team we want.  8 for 9 in special elections.  red wave! “hope and change in an alabama coal mine”  dobbs: “this cannot go forwardthis special counsel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 angry democrats, w…  started the illegal rigged witch hunt - why isn’t this so-called “probe” ended immediately?  why aren’t these…  fbi agent peter strzok is a fraud, as is the rigged investigation he started.  there was no collusion or obstr…  were all in on it, clear hillary clinton and frame donald trump for things he didn’t do. ” gregg jarrett on…  ohr of the “justice” department can you believe he is still there is accused of helping disgraced christoph…  terrorist attack in londonthese animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength! when you give a crazed, crying lowlife a break, and give her a job at the white house, i guess it just didn’t work…  be shut down.  the strzok firing shows that the fundamental underpinnings of the investigation were corru…  was corrupt and had anti-trump animus.  strzok and others at the fbi should be criminally investigated for t…  fitton of judicial watch: “the strzok firing is as much about the mueller operation as anything else.  there wou…  wonderful and powerful things about me - a true ch of civil rights - until she got fired.  omarosa ha…  called to say that there are no tapes of the apprentice where i used such a terrible and disgusting…  walker of wisconsin is a tremendous governor who has done incredible things for that great state.  he has my c…  foreign policy is actually boosting america’s standing”  was my great honor to sign our new defense bill into law and to pay tribute to the greatest soldiers in the hist…  stauber is running for congress in minnesota.  he will make for a great congressman.  pete is strong on crime an…  to be in fort drum, new york with our heroes!   landed at fort drum, new york.  looking forward to making a speech about our great heroes! rt @frankluntz: i’m in @omarosa’s book on page 149.  she claims to have heard from someone who heard from me that i heard trump use the n-wo…rt @michaelcohen212: lto the many dozens of #journalists who called me, questioning @omarosa claim in her new book that @potus @realdonaldt…brooks koepka just won his third golf major, and he did it not only with his powerful game, but with his powerful m…  omarosa already has a fully signed non-disclosure agreement! just fired agent strzok, formerly of the fbi, was in charge of the crooked hillary clinton sham investigation.  it w…  peter strzok was just fired from the fbi - finally.  the list of bad players in the fbi & doj gets longer & lo…  very unpopular governor of ohio and failed presidential candidate @johnkasich hurt troy balderson’s recent wi…  i know it’s “not presidential” to take on a lowlife like omarosa, and while i would rather not be doing so, t…  bad things.  nasty to people & would constantly miss meetings & work.  when gen.  kelly came on board he tol…  omarosa, who got fired 3 times on the apprentice, now got fired for the last time.  she never made it, never w…  like the department of justice and fbi had a program to keep donald trump from becoming president”. …  @harleydavidson owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas.  great!  most other companie…  “your paycheck is bigger, your pension is stronger. ” @foxandfriends  unemployment numbers are bet…   “bob mueller, isn’t your whole investigation premised on a fake dossier, paid for by hillary, creat…  for trump at bedminster earlier today.  thank you!   of bikers for trump just joined me at bedminster.  quite a scene - great people who truly love our country! . do you believe nelly worked for fusion and her husband still works for the department of “justice. ” i have neve…  big story that the fake news media refuses to report is lowlife christopher steele’s many meetings with deputy…  am proud to have fought for and secured the lowest african american and hispanic unemployment rates in history.  n…  riots in charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division.  we must come together as a nation…  the fbi ever recover it’s once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by comey, mccabe, peter s and his lov…  isn’t the fbi giving andrew mccabe text messages  to judicial watch or appropriate governmental authorities.  fb…  with mexico is coming along nicely.  autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal.  ne…  you to kanye west and the fact that he is willing to tell the truth.  one new and great fact - african america…  a very good phone call with @emmanuelmacron, president of france.  discussed various subjects, in particular sec…  please do not distance yourselves from nancy pelosi.  she is a wonderful person whose ideas & policies ma…  have just authorized a doubling of tariffs on steel and aluminum with respect to turkey as their currency, the tu…  happy, be cool!  a football game, that fans are paying soooo much money to watch and enjoy, is no place to p…  nfl players are at it again - taking a knee when they should be standing proudly for the national anthem.  numer…   “no evidence to launch even an investigation into potential collusion between donald trump and th…  ellis  “fbi thought they wouldn’t get caught because they thought that hillary was going to win.  there is ove…   “why didn’t the fbi tell president trump that they had concerns about carter page?  is there a dou…  ted yoho of florida is doing a fantastic job and has my complete and total endorsement!  tough on crime…  force all the way! this is an illegally brought rigged witch hunt run by people who are totally corrupt and/or conflicted.  it was star…  has been no evidence whatsoever that donald trump or the c was involved in any kind of collusion to f…  wave! congratulations to @lenaepstein of michigan on a job well done.  also, thanks for your great support! as long as i c and/or support senate and house candidates within reason, they will win!  i love the people,…  republicans have now won 8 out of 9 house seats, yet if you listen to the fake news media you would think we ar…  for 5! congratulations to josh hawley on your big senate primary win in missouri.  i look forward to working with you towar…  to bill schuette.  you will have a big win in november and be a tremendous governor for the great st…  to a future star of the republican party, future senator john james.  a big and bold victory tonight…  to troy balderson on a great win in ohio.  a very special and important race! when i decided to go to ohio for troy balderson, he was down in early voting 64 to 36.  that was not good.  after my…  on the 236th anniversary of the purple heart, we honor the members of our armed forces for serving as the va…  @erictrump: ohio make sure to get out and vote today!  we need troy balderson in congress.  visit  to find your pol…ohio, vote today for troy balderson for congress.  his opponent, controlled by nancy pelosi, is weak on crime, the b…  iran sanctions have officially been cast.  these are the most biting sanctions ever imposed, and in november the…  wildfires are being magnified & made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing m…  want open borders and they want to abolish ice, the brave men and women that are protecting our country f…  @realdonaldtrump: presidential approval numbers are very good - strong economy, military and just about everything else.  better numbers…john james is a potential republican star who has a senate primary election tomorrow in michigan.  if he becomes the…  jerry brown must allow the free flow of the vast amounts of water coming from the north and foolishly bein…  kobach, a strong and early supporter of mine, is running for governor of the great state of kansas.   he is a f…  financial numbers being announced on an almost daily basis.  economy has never been better, jobs at best point…  law firm, eventually kremlin connected sources, to gather info on donald trump.  collusion is very real with r…  with russia was very real.  hillary clinton and her team 100% colluded with the russians, and so did adam…  @realdonaldtrump: danny o’connor is a total puppet for nancy pelosi and maxine waters – danny wants to raise your taxes, open your bo…rt @realdonaldtrump: a great night in ohio’s 12th congressional district with troy balderson!  troy loves ohio, and he loves the people of o…presidential approval numbers are very good - strong economy, military and just about everything else.  better numbe…  bad a large portion of the media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the rigged witch h…  aren’t mueller and the 17 angry democrats looking at the meetings concerning the fake dossier and all of the…  news reporting, a complete fabrication, that i am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son, donald, had in…  of tariffs we will be able to start paying down large amounts of the $21 trillion in debt that has been a…  are working big time.  every country on earth wants to take wealth out of the u. s. , always to our detriment. …  fake news hates me saying that they are the enemy of the people only because they know it’s true.  i am providin…  o’connor is a total puppet for nancy pelosi and maxine waters – danny wants to raise your taxes, open your…  great night in ohio’s 12th congressional district with troy balderson!  troy loves ohio, and he loves the people o…  you ohio.  i love you!   @realdonaldtrump: troy balderson, running for congress from ohio, is in a big election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying…iran, and it’s economy, is going very bad, and fast!  i will meet, or not meet, it doesn’t matter - it is up to them! heading to ohio! . china, which is for the first time doing poorly against us, is spending a fortune on ads and p. r.  trying to con…  will make our country much richer than it is today.  only fools would disagree.  we are using them to neg…  have had a tremendous positive impact on our steel industry.  plants are opening all over the u. s. , stee…  are working far better than anyone ever anticipated.  china market has dropped 27% in last 4months, and they…  birthday @uscg!   balderson, running for congress from ohio, is in a big election fight with a candidate who just got caught lyi…  be going to ohio tonight to c for troy balderson for the big congressional special election on tuesday. …  james was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television, don lemon.  he made lebron look smart, which isn…  @vincemcmahon: grateful for our special #makeawish guest at @wwe hq.  thanks for visiting us, tyler … and for making yourself comfortable…dianne is the person leading our nation on “collusion” with russia only done by dems.  will she now investigate…  @whitehouse: “this is probably the most pro-active administration regarding urban america and the faith-based community in my lifetime. …rt @drudge_report: nyt editorial board member: 'kill more men,' 'f*ck the police'  @whitehouse: under president trump, the economy is roaring, jobs are soaring, and the american worker is seeing more money in their payc…rt @drudge_report: manufacturing +37,000  @drudge_report: record 155,965,000 employed  @drudge_report: hispanic unemployment record low  @realdonaldtrump: “private payrolls boom in july, increasing by 219,000 vs 185,000 estimate: adp”  @scavino45: ✅”us workers see biggest pay, benefit increase in 10 years”  @scavino45: . @potus @realdonaldtrump and @ufc’s @danawhite in the oval office earlier today at the @whitehouse.   @scavino45: “pro-trump pastor: trump is ‘the most pro-black’ president i've ever seen”  to gregg jarrett on his book, “the russia hoax, the illicit scheme to clear hillary clinton and fra…  photo from ocean city, maryland.  thank you.  make america great again!   500,000 manufacturing jobs created since i won the election.  remember when my opponents were saying that we…  media are good news fire extinguishers! ” @greggutfeld @thefivenasa, which is making a big comeback under the trump administration, has just named 9 astronauts for boeing and spa…  is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4%.  our economy has added 3. 7 million jo…  blackburn had a big win last night in the tennessee primary for u. s.  senate.  she is an outstanding person &  praises trump as 'pro-black' at prison reform event”  @rasmussen_poll: today’s @realdonaldtrump approval ratings among black voters: 29% this time last year: 15% @…congratulations marsha!   to bill lee of tennessee on his big primary win for governor last night.   he ran a great c a…  you pennsylvania.  i love you!   asked my daughter ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people.  she correctly said no.  it is the…  forward to being in the great state of ohio on saturday night where i will be c hard for a truly…  the house and senate meet on the very important farm bill – we love our farmers - hopefully they will be able…  has to love trump because unlike all of the others before me, i am bringing steel back in a very big w…  forward to being in the great state of pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the election.  will…  hard, thank you!   @foxandfriends is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings.  morning joe is a dead show with very fe…  koch of koch brothers, who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though i know v…  you to chairman kim jong un for keeping your word & starting the process of sending home the remains of our g…  to  @greggjarrett on the tremendous success of his just out book, “the russia hoax, the illicit sch…  @realdonaldtrump: “worker pay rate hits highest level since 2008”  beautiful ceremony as u. s.  korean war remains are returned to american soil.  thank you to honolulu and a…  payrolls boom in july, increasing by 219,000 vs 185,000 estimate: adp”  me tomorrow night at 7pme in wilkes-barre township, pennsylvania for a make america great again rally!  tickets…   was my great honor to be joined by leading pastors and faith leaders from across our nation today at the…  already have a smoking gun about a c getting dirt on their opponent, it was hillary clinton.  how is it o…  back on history, who was treated worse, alfonse capone, legendary mob boss, killer and “public enemy number…  collusion with the trump c one of the most successful in history, is a total hoax.  the democrats pa…  manafort worked for ronald reagan, bob dole and many other highly prominent and respected political leaders.  h…  is a terrible situation and attorney general jeff sessions should stop this rigged witch hunt right now, bef…  in the fbi while he himself was being investigated.  this is a real issue.  it won’t go into a mueller re…  agent peter strzok on the mueller team should have recused himself on day one.  he was out to stop the electi…  @erictrump: #truth @acosta  you florida.  i love you!  @whitehouse: president trump delivers remarks on workforce development  my way to t florida.  look forward to seeing everyone soon!   pay rate hits highest level since 2008”  security is national security, and national security is the long-term viability of our country.  a governm…  don’t care what the political ramifications are, our immigration laws and border security have been a complete an…  has a primary on august 21st.  he doesn’t need any help because he is absolutely outstanding in ev…  david kustoff has been a ch for the trump agenda - i greatly appreciate his support.  david is str…  fake news media is going crazy!  they are totally unhinged and in many ways, after witnessing first hand the dam…  be in t tonight.  a big year for @repdesantis, who will be a great governor for florida.  strong on crime, b…  am looking into 3-d plastic guns being sold to the public.  already spoke to nra, doesn’t seem to make much sense! collusion is not a crime, but that doesn’t matter because there was no collusion except by crooked hillary and the democrats! one of the reasons we need great border security is that mexico’s murder rate in 2017 increased by 27% to 31,174 pe…  limbaugh is a great guy who truly gets it! rt @dougmillsnyt: . @realdonaldtrump walks with giuseppe conte, prime minister of the italy following a joint news conference in the east ro…rt @dougmillsnyt: . @realdonaldtrump pumps his fist after his new secretary of veterans affairs  robert wilkie is sworn-in by @vp mike pence…. them richer.  their network is highly overrated, i have beaten them at every turn.  they want to protect their co…  globalist koch brothers, who have become a total joke in real republican circles, are against strong borders an…  america great again!   highly respected federal judge today stated that the “trump administration gets great credit” for reuniting illeg…  to our new @deptvetaffairs secretary, robert wilkie!   you to @randpaul for your yes on a future great justice of the supreme court, brett kavanaugh.  your vote mean…  open borders, large scale crime, and abolishing ice is good for them, we must get smart and finally do what…  immigration is a top national security problem.  after decades of playing games, with the whole world laughi…  to judge jeanine on the tremendous success of her new #1 best-selling book, “liars, leakers, and li…  @realdonaldtrump: john is strong on crime and borders, loves our military, our vets and our second amendment.  he will be a star.  he h…rt @realdonaldtrump: . @johnjamesmi, who is running in the republican primary in the great state of michigan, is spectacular!  vote on august…your social security and medicare!  cast your early vote, or vote on august 7th, election day.  he has my full and total endorsement! . @troy_balderson of ohio is running for congress - so important to the republican party.  troy is strong on crime an…  to general john kelly.  today we celebrate his first full year as @whitehouse chief of staff!    is my great honor to welcome prime minister @giuseppeconteit of italy to the @whitehouse!  join us at 2:00pme for…  @gopchairwoman: “david burritt, u. s.  steel's president and ceo, said the company was experiencing a ‘renaissance’ and credited @realdona…we must have border security, get rid of chain, lottery, catch & release sanctuary cities - go to merit based immig…  @scavino45: “@realdonaldtrump tells @icegov agents: ‘we always will stand with you’”  why is mueller only appointing angry dems, some of whom have worked for crooked hillary, others, includin…  robert mueller ever going to release his conflicts of interest with respect to president trump, including the fa…  is no collusion!  the robert mueller rigged witch hunt, headed now by 17 increased from 13, including an obam…  the amazon washington post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change! dying newspaper industry.  no matter how much they try to distract and cover it up, our country is making great p…  90% of media coverage of my administration is negative, despite the tremendously positive results we…  the media - driven insane by their trump derangement syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our governme…  would be willing to “shut down” government if the democrats do not give us the votes for border security, which i…  biggest and best results coming out of the good gdp report was that the quarterly trade deficit has been reduce…  a very good and interesting meeting at the white house with a. g.  sulzberger, publisher of the new york times.  s…  @realdonaldtrump: congressman david kustoff has been a ch for the trump agenda - i greatly appreciate his support.  david is strong…rt @realdonaldtrump: the only things the democrats do well is “resist,” which is their c slogan, and “obstruct. ” cryin’ chuck schume…rt @realdonaldtrump: democrats, who want open borders and care little about crime, are incompetent, but they have the fake news media almos…please understand, there are consequences when people cross our border illegally, whether they have children or not…  you think the fake news media will ever report on this tweet from michael?   highest poll numbers in the history of the republican party.  that includes honest abe lincoln and ronald reaga…  homan, fmr ice director: “there is nobody that has done more for border security & public safety than president…  me in t florida next tuesday, july 31st at 7:00pme for a #maga rally!  tickets:   only things the democrats do well is “resist,” which is their c slogan, and “obstruct. ” cryin’ chuck sch…  who want open borders and care little about crime, are incompetent, but they have the fake news media al…  david kustoff has been a ch for the trump agenda - i greatly appreciate his support.  david is str…  business investment has surged from 1. 8 percent the year before i came into office to 9. 4 percent this year…  @usnavy’s first female admiral, alene duerk once said: “it was a nice distinction to have, and to be recognized…  have accomplished an economic turnaround of historic proportions!   am thrilled to announce that in the second quarter of this year, the u. s.  economy grew at the amazing rate of 4. 1…  of ohio is running for congress - so important to the republican party.  cast you early vote or vot…  is strong on crime and borders, loves our military, our vets and our second amendment.  he will be a star.  h…  who is running in the republican primary in the great state of michigan, is spectacular!  vote on aug…  gdp numbers just released.  will be having a news conference soon! . . i did not know of the meeting with my son, don jr.  sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in o…  only collusion with russia was with the democrats, so now they are looking at my tweets along with 53 mil…  back in washington last night from a very emotional reopening of a major u. s.  steel plant in granite city,…  to go jerry.  this is what the league should do!   remains of american servicemen will soon be leaving north korea and heading to the united states!  after so many…  is open for business and u. s.  steel is back!   “the case against impeaching trump,” which i would encourage all people with trump derangement syndrome to read! . @alandersh, a brilliant lawyer, who although a liberal democrat who probably didn’t vote for me, has discussed the…  kept!   you @u_s_steel and granite city, illinois!   united states will impose large sanctions on turkey for their long time detainment of pastor andrew brunson, a…  is great - on my way, see you soon @iagovernor kim reynolds!   to dubuque, iowa and then granite city, illinois.  looking  forward to being with many great friends! twitter “shadow banning” prominent republicans.  not good.  we will look into this discriminatory and illegal practic…  union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately.  al…  to be back on track with the european union.  this was a big day for free and fair trade! rt @scavino45: “we met todayto launch a new phase in the relationship between the u. s.  & the eu – a phase of close friendship, of strong…thank you georgia!  they say that my endorsement last week of brian kemp, in the republican primary for governor aga…  the european union, as represented by @junckereu and the united states, as represented by yours truly, lo…  quickly.  european union nations will be open to the united states and at the same time benefiting by every…  meeting on trade today with @junckereu and representatives of the european union.  we have come to a very stro…  you very much, working hard!   marchionne, who passed away today, was one of the most brilliant & successful car executives since the days…  week, my administration is hosting the first-ever #irfministerial.  the u. s.  will continue to promote…  united states and the european union have a $1 trillion bilateral trade relationship – the largest economic rel…  to brian kemp on your very big win in georgia last night.  wow, 69-30, those are big numbers.  now go…  kind of a lawyer would tape a client?  so sad!  is this a first, never heard of it before?  why was the tape so a…  is targeting our farmers, who they know i love & respect, as a way of getting me to continue allowing them to…  you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation, it will only take longer to make a deal, and the…  time i see a weak politician asking to stop trade talks or the use of tariffs to counter unfair tariffs, i wo…  russia hoax, the illicit scheme to clear hillary clinton & frame donald trump” is a hot seller, already number…  sad and unfair that the fcc wouldn’t approve the sinclair broadcast merger with tribune.  this would have been a…  european union is coming to washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on trade.  i have an idea for them.  both the…  it was my great honor to be in kansas city, missouri to pay tribute to the men and women who make freedom po…  the heels of the very successful launch of the @whitehouse national council for the american worker, congress sh…  want to thank the @vfwhq for your devotion to our fallen heroes, unknown soldiers, prisoners of war, those missin…  @vfwhq  very concerned that russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming election.  based on the…  america great again! heading to missouri to be with many of my great friends.  vfw here we come! our country is doing great.  best financial numbers on the planet.  great to have usa winning again! today is the day to vote for brian kemp.  will be great for georgia, full endorsement!   are the greatest!  either a country which has treated the united states unfairly on trade negotiates a fair…  that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to washington to negotiate.  this should h…  @danscavino: “coast guard seizes $729m worth of cocaine from boats moving drugs from central america to the us”  @danscavino: “lockheed martin will add 400 workers to boost production of the f-35 fighter jet, the most expensive in u. s.  history, afte…#madeinamerica showcase!   barletta was one of my first supporters.  he is tough on crime and borders.  will be a great senator from pennsyl…  will do a great job for our vets.  we also recently won choice!   my opinion the washington post is nothing more than an expensive the paper loses a fortune lobbyist for am…  amazon washington post has gone crazy against me ever since they lost the internet tax case in the u. s.  supreme…  rocket has not been launched by north korea in 9 months.  likewise, no nuclear tests.  japan is happy, all of asia…  you hear the fake news talking negatively about my meeting with president putin, and all that i gave up, remem…  page wasn’t a spy, wasn’t an agent of the russians - he would have cooperated with the fbi.  it was a f…  the doj, fbi and obama gang need to be held to account.  source #1 was the major source.  avoided talking abo…  was classified to cover up misconduct by the fbi and the justice department in misleading the court by using th…  we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and fake dirty dossier, that was paid for by crooked hillary c…  fitton on @foxandfriends at 6:15 a. m.  now!  judicial watch. to iranian president rouhani: never, ever threaten the united states again or you will suffer consequences the like…  president obama knew about russia before the election.  why didn’t he do something about it?  why didn’t he tell o…  birthday @senatordole!   had a great meeting with putin and the fake news used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it.  so bad for our country! . @petehegseth on @foxnews  “source #1 was the fake dossier.  yes, the dirty dossier, paid for by democrats as a hi…  mccarthy - “i said this could never happen.  this is so bad that they should be looking at the judges who sig…  more & more like the trump c for president was illegally being spied upon surveillance for the pol…  to @judicialwatch and @tomfitton on being successful in getting the carter page fisa documents.  as…  balderson of ohio is running for congress against a nancy pelosi liberal who is weak on crime & borders.  troy…  kemp, who is running for governor of georgia and has my full endorsement, is c tonight with vp…  collusion, no obstruction - but that doesn’t matter because the 13 angry democrats, who are only after republica…  rigged witch hunt, headed by the 13 angry democrats and now 4 more have been added, one who worked directly fo…  that the government would break into a lawyer’s office early in the morning - almost unheard of.  ev…  nfl national anthem debate is alive and well again - can’t believe it!  isn’t it in contract that players must s…  @ivankatrump: . @whitehouse national council for the american worker together w/ the private sector is working to equip students + worker…i got severely criticized by the fake news media for being too nice to president putin.  in the old days they would…  @realdonaldtrump: i told you so!  the european union just slapped a five billion dollar fine on one of our great companies, google.  they…rt @realdonaldtrump: the summit with russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the fake news media.  i look forw…rt @realdonaldtrump: will the dems and fake news ever learn?  this is classic!   important.  should have been done years ago!   @scavino45: “more winning: american jobless claims drop to lowest level since 1969”  @scavino45: “former harvard law students praise kavanaugh in letter” @scavino45: “senate gop breaks record on confirming trump picks for key court”  have been on a downward trend for 15 years.  the price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the e…  united states should not be penalized because we are doing so well.  tightening now hurts all that we have d…  the european union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower, while the u. …  deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took p…  the dems and fake news ever learn?  this is classic!   recognized russian meddling many times”  cyber attacks, trade, ukraine, middle east peace, north korea and more.  there are many answers,…  summit with russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the fake news media.  i look f…  told you so!  the european union just slapped a five billion dollar fine on one of our great companies, google.  th…  big jobs meeting today at the white house!  3 p. m. “trump recognized russian meddling many times. ” thank you to @foxandfriends and @foxnews for actually showing the c…  fake news media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with russia, even a confrontation that could lead t…  fake news media is going crazy!  they make up stories without any backup, sources or proof.  many of the stories…  democrats have a death wish, in more ways than one - they actually want to abolish ice.  this should cost them h…  you to novartis for not increasing your prices on prescription drugs.  likewise to pfizer.  we are making a big…  total disgrace that turkey will not release a respected u. s.  pastor, andrew brunson, from prison.  he has been hel…  @secazar: . @potus has made clear that it’s time for drug companies to put american patients first — novartis halting its prescription dr…the two biggest opponents of ice in america today are the democratic party and ms-13! thank you to congressman kevin yoder!  he secured $5 billion for border security.  now we need congress to support.  k…  kemp is running for governor of the great state of georgia.  the primary is on tuesday.  brian is tough on crim…  @secretservice: in remembrance: special agent nole e.  remagen.  this week the u. s.  secret service lost one of america’s finest.  we ask fo…3. 4 million jobs created since our great election victory - far greater than ever anticipated, and only getting bet…  people hate the fact that i got along well with president putin of russia.  they would rather go to war than se…  lot of democrats wished they voted for the tax cuts because the economy is booming - we could have 4% growth now…  to martha roby of the great state of alabama on her big gop primary win for congress.  my endorsemen…  has agreed to help with north korea, where relationships with us are very good and the process is moving…  the nato meeting in brussels was an acknowledged triumph, with billions of dollars more being put up by membe…  many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in helsinki.  putin and i di…  is returning.  donald trump is doing exactly what he said he would do as a candidate, now as the most ef…  democrats want to abolish ice, which will mean more crime in our country.  i want to give ice a big cheer!  vote republican in november. the meeting between president putin and myself was a great success, except in the fake news media! the economy of the united states is stronger than ever before! thank you @randpaul.  “the president has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed to think? ”while i had a great meeting with nato, raising vast amounts of money, i had an even better meeting with vladimir pu…  had a great meeting with nato.  they have paid $33 billion more and will pay hundreds of billions of dollars more…  be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9pme and @tuckercarlson tomorrow night at 8pme.  enjoy! a productive dialogue is not only good for the united states and good for russia, but it is good for the world. …  would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace, than to risk peace in pursuit of politics.  #helsinki2018  i said today and many times before, “i have great confidence in my intelligence people. ” however, i also recogni…  you helsinki, finland!   press conference from helsinki, finland:  was an honor to join you this morning.  thank you!   relationship with russia has never been worse thanks to many years of u. s.  foolishness and stupidity and now, the rigged witch hunt! president obama thought that crooked hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the fbi abou…  many calls from leaders of nato countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them f…  @secpompeo: landed in #finland for #helsinki2018 where @potus & prez putin are set to discuss us/russian relations.  potus meeting is in…rt @scavino45: president @realdonaldtrump and @flotus melania are wheels down in helsinki, finlandphoto via motorcade en route to hotel. …congratulations to france, who played extraordinary soccer, on winning the 2018 world cup.  additionally, congratula…  how to do is resist and obstruct!  this is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country – but at some point, it will heal! over the years, i would return to criticism that it wasn’t good enough – that i should have gotten saint petersb…  to helsinki, finland – looking forward to meeting with president putin tomorrow.  unfortunately, no matter h…  hasn’t been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in north korea, there have been no nuclear tests and we got…  @realdonaldtrump: the stories you heard about the 12 russians yesterday took place during the obama administration, not the trump admini…rt @scavino45: “criminal illegal alien deported 11 times attacked woman with chainsaw, @icegov says” @scavino45: “asylum-seeking central american discovered to be ms-13 gang member”  @scavino45: “ms-13 gang member arrested again after 4 deportations”  @scavino45: “about 1-in-5 illegal alien adults crossing the united states-mexico border with toddlers under the age of five are either c…rt @scavino45: “mike pence op-ed: trump white house phenomenally successful” @realdonaldtrump: these russian individuals did their work during the obama years.  why didn’t obama do something about it?   because he t…rt @scavino45: “texas grand jury indicts ms-13 gang members after machete attacks”  russian individuals did their work during the obama years.  why didn’t obama do something about it?   because h…  prayers are with those affected by the flooding in japan.  we commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences t…  it was little jeff z and his people, who are told exactly what to say, who said i could not win the e…  funny!  i just checked out fake news cnn, for the first time in a long time they are dying in the ratings, to s…  stories you heard about the 12 russians yesterday took place during the obama administration, not the trump adm…  is the dnc server, and why didn’t the fbi take possession of it?  deep state? the stock market hit 25,000 yesterday.  jobs are at an all time record - and that is before we fix some of the worst…  have arrived in scotland and will be at trump turnberry for two days of meetings, calls and hopefully, some golf…  is now changing - for the first time!   @realdonaldtrump: . on top of it all, germany just started paying russia, the country they want protection from, billions of dollars f…rt @realdonaldtrump: “trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment.  in june, for instanc…🇺🇸🇬🇧  press conference with prime minister theresa may @magagoldhat: @rondesantisfl event july 18 th in orlando with @donaldjtrumpjr  matt gaetz of florida is one of the finest and most talented people in congress.  strong on crime, the b…  success today at nato!  billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election.  great spirit! a very nice note from chairman kim of north korea.  great progress being made!   has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment.  in june, for inst…  @dougmillsnyt: . @realdonaldtrump & @flotus walk off air force one as they arrive at london stansted airport in stansted, england.   @dougmillsnyt: . @realdonaldtrump's shadow is reflected on the wall as he makes a statement and answers questions as he departs the nato…thank you #nato2018!   press conference in brussels, belgium: top of it all, germany just started paying russia, the country they want protection from, billions of dollar…  have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get germany and other rich nato nations to pay more toward…  i head out to a very important nato meeting, i see that fbi lover/agent lisa page is dodging a subpoena & is ref…  of additional dollars are being spent by nato countries since my visit last year, at my request, but it is…  can the rigged witch hunt proceed when it was started, influenced and worked on, for an extended period of time…  layer lisa page today defied a house of representatives issued subpoena to testify before congress!  wow, but…  @realdonaldtrump: what good is nato if germany is paying russia billions of dollars for gas and energy?  why are there only 5 out of 29 c…rt @scavino45: president @realdonaldtrump and president @emmanuelmacron of france meeting earlier today at #natosummit2018 in brussels, bel…rt @scavino45: president @realdonaldtrump meets with chancellor angela merkel of germany, along with their respective delegations at #natos…rt @realdonaldtrump: things up, better than ever before, but it can’t go too quickly.  i am fighting for a level playing field for our fa…rt @realdonaldtrump: i am in brussels, but always thinking about our farmers.  soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election.  farmers have don…rt @realdonaldtrump: democrats in congress must no longer obstruct - vote to fix our terrible immigration laws now.  i am watching what is g…rt @scavino45: president donald j.  trump and first lady melania trump participate in the tri-mission embassy meet and greet wednesday, july…if the democrats want to win supreme court and other court picks, don’t obstruct and resist, but rather do it the g…  good is nato if germany is paying russia billions of dollars for gas and energy?  why are there only 5 out of 2…  in congress must no longer obstruct - vote to fix our terrible immigration laws now.  i am watching what i…  up, better than ever before, but it can’t go too quickly.  i am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers, and will win! i am in brussels, but always thinking about our farmers.  soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election.  farmers have…  breakfast with nato secretary general in brussels, belgium  talked with pfizer ceo and @secazar on our drug pricing blueprint.  pfizer is rolling back price hikes, so amer…  european union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in europe u. s.  has…  recent emerson college epoll said that most americans, especially hispanics, feel that they are better off under…  countries in nato, which we are expected to defend, are not only short of their current commitment of 2% whic…  the republican senators of my nomination of judge brett kavanaugh.  #scotus  am on air force one flying to nato and hear reports that the fbi lovers, peter strzok and lisa page are getting c…  behalf of the united states, congratulations to the thai navy seals and all on the successful rescue of the 12 b…  @realdonaldtrump: they just didn't get it, but they do now!   you to all of my great supporters, really big progress being made.  other countries wanting to fix crazy trade…  countries must pay more, the united states must pay less.  very unfair! getting ready to leave for europe.  first meeting - nato.  the u. s.  is spending many times more than any other countr…  @katrinapierson: the stupidity of the left was on full display in oakland.  the #abolishice protest was actually the execution of a warra…rt @realdonaldtrump: iranian harassment of u. s.  warships:2015: 222016: 362017: 142018: 0source: @usnavyrt @scavino45: “the rule of law is our nation’s proud heritage.  it is the cornerstone of our freedom.  it is what guarantees equal justice -…rt @scavino45: judge brett kavanaugh watches with his family as president donald j.  trump signs the document monday evening, july 9, 2018,…tonight, it was my honor and privilege to nominate judge brett kavanaugh to the united states supreme court.  #scotus  @whitehouse: president trump announces the nominee for associate justice of the supreme court  100th birthday to our amazing current and former army warrant officers.  thank you for your century of service…  & others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason.  they are merely taking advantage…  failing ny times fake news story today about breast feeding must be called out.  the u. s.  strongly supports brea…  have confidence that kim jong un will honor the contract we signed & even more importantly, our handshake.  we ag…  have long heard that the most important decision a u. s.  president can make is the selection of a supreme court ju…  far more than it does the u. s.  by some accounts, the u. s.  is paying for 90% of nato, with many countries…  united states is spending far more on nato than any other country.  this is not fair, nor is it acceptable.  whil…  just didn't get it, but they do now!   forward to announcing my final decision on the united states supreme court justice at 9:00pme tomorrow nigh…  harassment of u. s.  warships:2015: 222016: 362017: 142018: 0source: @usnavyrt @cortessteve: today's report: hispanic jobs hit another record, unemployment at an all-time low.  of 9 months in history under 5% jobless…the u. s.  is working very closely with the government of thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave an…  rigged witch hunt, originally headed by fbi lover boy peter s for one year & now, 13 angry democrats, should…  opinion has turned strongly against the rigged witch hunt and the “special” counsel because the public under…  decision will soon be made on our next justice of the supreme court! twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace.  will that include the failing new york times and propagan…  @scavino45: “six months in, tax cuts are already providing historic gains for minorities, women, and small businesses”  @scavino45: “ice says it seized $43m worth of counterfeit items in laredo, texas” @danscavino: “when they lose, democrats just want to change the rules”  @scavino45: “hispanic-latino unemployment rate hits lowest level on record in june”  won lawsuit filed by the dnc and a bunch of democrat crazies trying to claim the trump c and others,…  jobs, jobs!   to republican leadership, america is winning again - and america is being respected again all over the world…  day, the brave men and women of ice are liberating communities from savage gangs like ms-13.  we will not stan…  vote for democrats in november is a vote to let ms-13 run wild in our communities, to let drugs pour into our cit…  was my great honor to join proud, hardworking american patriots in montana tonight.  i love you - thank you!  #maga  monday assume duties as the acting administrator of the epa.  i have no doubt that andy will continue on with…  have accepted the resignation of scott pruitt as the administrator of the environmental protection agency.  within…  - fix our insane immigration laws now! . . country being forced to endure a long and costly trial.  tell the people “out,” and they must leave, just as th…  must pass smart, fast and reasonable immigration laws now.  law enforcement at the border is doing a great…  birthday, america!   opec monopoly must remember that gas prices are up & they are doing little to help.  if anything, they are drivi…  fourth of july. our country is doing great! tomorrow, families across our nation will gather to celebrate the fourth of july.  as we do, we will think of the me…  endured because of the sweat, blood and sacrifice of the american armed forces – the greatest force for peac…  we gathered to celebrate the courageous men and women who make freedom possible: our brave service members,…  you, @wvgovernor jim justice, for that warm introduction.  tonight, it was my great honor to attend the “green…  @flotus: i had a wonderful visit to @wrbethesda today.   thank you to the many dedicated service members & medical staff who take such go…after having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be note…  washington post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist.  rarely do they use the name of any…  to west virginia to be with my friend, @wvgovernor jim justice, at his beautiful greenbrier resort.  he work…  the nsa has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages.  privacy violations?  they blame technical irregu…  that harley-davidson is moving part of its operation out of the u. s. , my administration is working with other m…  out that the obama administration granted citizenship, during the terrible iran deal negotiation, to 2,500 ira…  good conversations with north korea-it is going well!  in the meantime, no rocket launches or nuclear testing i…  can the democrats, who are weak on the border and weak on crime, do well in november.  the people of our country…  we have an “infestation” of ms-13 gangs in certain parts of our country, who do we send to get them out?  ice! …  economy is doing perhaps better than ever before, and that’s prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair…  interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday.  on monday i will be announcing my decision for justice of the united states supreme court! crazy maxine waters, said by some to be one of the most corrupt people in politics, is rapidly becoming, together w…  democrats are deeply concerned about the fact that their “leadership” wants to denounce and abandon the great…  it was my great honor to welcome prime minister mark rutte of the netherlands, to the @whitehouse!   @dhsgov: today, dhs, @cbp, and @icegov will be sharing stories of the brave men and women who put their lives on the line every day with…congratulations to andres manuel lopez obrador on becoming the next president of mexico.  i look very much forward t…  @larryelder: beware!  #trumpderangementsyndrome can be career ending.   big week, especially with our numerous victories in the supreme court.  heading back to the white house now.  focus…  liberal left, also known as the democrats, want to get rid of ice, who do a fantastic job, and want open border…  will be interviewed by @mariabartiromo at 10:00 a. m.  on @foxnewswhen people come into our country illegally, we must immediately escort them back out without going through years o…  will be interviewed by @mariabartiromo on sunday on @foxnews at 10:00 a.  m.  enjoy! either we need to elect more republicans in november or republicans must end the ridiculous 60 vote, or filibuster,…  never pushed the republicans in the house to vote for the immigration bill, either goodlatte 1 or 2, because it c…  friend of mine and a man who has truly seen politics and life as few others ever will, sean spicer, has written a…  will be making my choice for justice of the united states supreme court on the first monday after the july 4th holiday, july 9th! just spoke to king salman of saudi arabia and explained to him that, because of the turmoil & disfunction in iran a…  the great and brave men and women of ice, do not worry or lose your spirit.  you are doing a fantastic job of kee…  democrats are making a strong push to abolish ice, one of the smartest, toughest and most spirited law enforcem…  @danscavino: “@govmikehuckabee: trump could nominate moses for supreme court and democrats would fight it”  @realdonaldtrump: six months after our tax cuts, more than 6 million workers have received bonuses, pay raises, and retirement account c…rt @realdonaldtrump: before going any further today, i want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the capital gazet…rt @ivankatrump: thank you @secpompeo.  it was an honor to join you and your talented, passionate colleagues at @statedept to honor the her…rt @ivankatrump: thank you senator alexander for your leadership on career + technical education.  11+ million students and workers across o…the new plant being built by foxconn in wisconsin is incredible.  congratulations to the people of wisconsin and to…  @foxbusiness: . @ivankatrump: i think one of the tremendous opportunities that were seeing because the economy is so strong is that peop…rt @scavino45: “@icegov new york operation leads to arrests of 3 dozen darknet vendors selling illicit goods, weapons, drugs seized and mor…six months after our tax cuts, more than 6 million workers have received bonuses, pay raises, and retirement accoun…  going any further today, i want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the capital ga…  to departing wisconsin, i was briefed on the shooting at capital gazette in annapolis, maryland.  my thoughts…  is open for business!   we broke ground on a plant that will provide jobs for up to 15,000 wisconsin workers!  as foxconn has discove…  am in milwaukee, wisconsin, for meetings.  soon to leave for a big groundbreaking for foxconn, which is building a…  on old and/or totally unrelated charges there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the…  is bob mueller going to list his conflicts of interest?  why has it taken so long?  will they be listed at the t…  strzok worked as the leader of the rigged witch hunt for a long period of time - he got it started and was on…  watched @sharkgregnorman on @foxandfriends.  said “president is doing a great job.  all over the world, people w…  kremer, women for trump, was so great on @foxandfriends.  brave and very smart, thank you amy!  @amykremerrussia continues to say they had nothing to do with meddling in our election!  where is the dnc server, and why didn…  fbi agent peter strzok was given poor marks on yesterday’s closed door testimony and, according to most repor…  addresses – putting these selfless public servants in harm’s way.  these radical protesters want anarchy – b…  recent days we have heard shameless attacks on our courageous law enforcement officers.  extremist democrat polit…  you north dakota.  together, we are making america safe and great again!  #maga  landed in north dakota with @senjohnhoeven and @repkevincramer.  we will see everyone at scheels arena shortly!   it was my great honor to welcome president marcelo rebelo de sousa of portugal to the @whitehouse! 🇺🇸🇵🇹  to north dakota to fully stand with and endorse kevin cramer for senate.  he is an extraordinary congressman…  on justice anthony kennedy.  #scotus  i was thrilled to join student leaders from colleges and universities across the country  should stay 100% in america, with the people that got you your success.  i’ve done so much for you,…  court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now, as an ex able to support a candidate of his or…  republicans should pass the strong but fair immigration bill, known as goodlatte ii, in their afternoon vote…  to maxine waters, whose crazy rants have made her, together with nancy pelosi, the unhinged face of…  and conclusive win by mitt romney.  congratulations!  i look forward to working together - there is so much good…  legendary gary player at turnberry in scotland!   great first lady!   @the_trump_train: @realdonaldtrump   democrats are in turmoil!  open borders and unchecked crime a certain way to lose elections.  republicans are for…  big trump hater congressman joe crowley, who many expected was going to take nancy pelosi’s place, just lost h…  win for congressman dan donovan.  you showed great courage in a tough race!  new york, and my many friends…  to governor henry mcmaster on your big election win!  south carolina loves you.  we are all proud of…  we tell the story of an incredible hero who defended our nation in world war two – first lieutenant garlin m…  court upholds trump travel ban.  wow! “the most profound question of our era: was there a conspiracy in the obama department of justice and the fbi to pr…  face of the democrats is now maxine waters who, together with nancy pelosi, have established a fine leadership…  harley-davidson should never be built in another country-never!  their employees and customers are already very an…  was great being with governor henry mcmaster last night in south carolina.  henry is tough on crime and borders,…  are finishing our study of tariffs on cars from the e. u.  in that they have long taken advantage of the u. s. …  i had harley-davidson officials over to the white house, i chided them about tariffs in other countries, l…  are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used…  this year harley-davidson said they would move much of their plant operations in kansas city to thailand.  tha…  you south carolina.  now let’s get out tomorrow and vote for @henrymcmaster!   landed in south carolina - will be at the mcmaster rally shortly!  #magathe hearing of peter strzok and the other hating frauds at the fbi & doj should be shown to the public on live tele…  is senator mark warner d-va, perhaps in a near drunken state, claiming he has information that only he and bo…  @whitehouse: today, @realdonaldtrump and @flotus welcomed @kingabdullahii and @queenrania of the hashemite kingdom of jordan to the whit…“director david lynch: trump could go down as one of the greatest presidents”  that harley-davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the white flag.  i fought hard for them…  maxine waters, an extraordinarily low iq person, has become, together with nancy pelosi, the face of…  @erictrump: record high economic optimism: 51% of people think the the economy is good or excellent - this is the highest number @cnbc h…rt @trumpgolf: congratulations to our dear friend and @trumpcharlotte member, @scottmccarron, on his incredible win at the @amfamchamp this…rt @marcorubio: trump haters still haven’t realized how much they help him with their condescension of those who either voted for him or do…will be heading to one of my favorite places, south carolina, to fight for one of my original “fighters,” governor…  this is done, illegal immigration will be stopped in it’s tracks - and at very little, by comparison, cost. …  manythousands of judges, and going through a long and complicated legal process, is not the way to go - will…  a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the obama administration and ours. …  have tried to stay uninvolved with the department of justice and fbi although i do not legally have to, because…  red hen restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies, doors and windows badly needs a paint jo…  attorney general michael mukasey said that president trump is probably correct that there was surveillance o…  has been a great help to me on cutting taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost,…  republicans could easily pass a bill on strong border security but remember, it still has to pass in the sena…  is now whimpering to all that he did the famous “hair show” with me where he seriously messed up my…  united states is insisting that all countries that have placed artificial trade barriers and tariffs on goods g…  immigration policy, laughed at all over the world, is very unfair to all of those people who have gone thro…  cannot allow all of these people to invade our country.  when somebody comes in, we must immediately, with no jud…  fix the laws.  don’t resist.  we are doing a far better job than bush and obama, but we need strength and…  wall street journal opinion piece today talking about the russian witch hunt and the disgrace that it is.  so…  is open for business!   you @nvgop!  #maga  birthday to supreme court justice clarence thomas, a friend and great man!   very sad that nancy pelosi and her sidekick, cryin’ chuck schumer, want to protect illegal immigrants far more…  @huckabeeontbn: tonight: the president of the united states, @realdonaldtrump, sits down to discuss his thoughts about international rel…heading to nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters.  country’s economy is stronger than ever before wit…  thoughts and prayers are with representative katie arrington of south carolina, including all of those involved…  how much he likes me, but he will only vote with nancy pelosi.  keith is strong on borders and tough on…  pence is heading to pittsburgh, pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around…  report  “obama kept them in cages, wrapped them in foil” we do a much better job while at the same time main…  applications plunge as economy strengthens”  failing new york timesthe national association of manufacturers just announced that 95. 1% of manufacturers “have a positive outlook for t…  russian witch hunt is rigged! . @foxnews  poll numbers plummet on the democrat inspired and paid for russian witch hunt.  with all of the bias, lyi…  @realdonaldtrump: congressman ron desantis, a top student at yale and harvard law school, is running for governor of the great state of…rt @presssec: it’s shameful that dems and the media exploited this photo of a little girl to push their agenda.  she was not separated from…rt @jessebwatters: will be 🔥@tpusa  @scavino45: 🚨happening now:president trump delivers remarks on immigration with angel families:   @realdonaldtrump: we are gathered today to hear directly from the american victims of illegal immigration.  these are the american citize…rt @realdonaldtrump: our first duty, and our highest loyalty, is to the citizens of the united states.  we will not rest until our border is…rt @scavino45: requested by family members after their private meeting and visit to the oval office - which took place before public remark…rt @secpompeo: . @potus’ agenda is the most pro-business agenda from a president in history.  it been a game-changer for the american economi…steel is coming back fast!  u. s.  steel is adding great capacity also.  so are others.   @realdonaldtrump: we have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any we…rt @realdonaldtrump: elect more republicans in  november and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive immigration bills anyw…based on the tariffs and trade barriers long placed on the u. s.  & its great companies and workers by the european u…  first duty, and our highest loyalty, is to the citizens of the united states.  we will not rest until our border…  are gathered today to hear directly from the american victims of illegal immigration.  these are the american cit…  opec will increase output substantially.  need to keep prices down! we must maintain a strong southern border.  we cannot allow our country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the d…  of mexico’s exports come to the united states.  they totally rely on us, which is fine with me.  they do have, th…  @erictrump: good job @flotus  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  ron desantis, a top student at yale and harvard law school, is running for governor of the great state…  martha roby of alabama has been a consistent and reliable vote for our make america great again agend…  henry mcmaster is a truly fine man who loves the people of south carolina.  he was one of my very early sup…  should stop wasting their time on immigration until after we elect more senators and congressmen/women…  more republicans in  november and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive immigration bills a…  if we get 100% republican votes in the senate, we need 10 democrat votes to get a much needed immigration bill…  great judge jeanine pirro is out with a new book, “liars, leakers and liberals, the case against the anti-trump…  @realdonaldtrump: don’t worry, the republicans, and your president, will fix it!   cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including “hea…  have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any…  really don’t care, do u? ” written on the back of melania’s jacket, refers to the fake news media.  melania has le…  supreme court win on internet sales tax - about time!  big victory for fairness and for our country.  great victo…  bill just passed in the house.  so happy to see work requirements included.  big win for the farmers! i was thrilled to be back in minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking american patriots.  thank you!   real big story that affects everybody in america is the success of @potus's tax cut package and what it's done…  administration is acting swiftly to address the illegal immigration crisis on the southern border.  loopholes in…  want open borders, where anyone can come into our country, and stay.  this is nancy pelosi’s dream.  it won’t happen! henry mcmaster has done a great job as governor of south carolina.  the state is booming, with jobs and new industry…  is the purpose of the house doing good immigration bills when you need 9 votes by democrats in the senate, and…  night in minnesota was incredible.  what a crowd! i will be going the columbia, south carolina, on monday night to do a c speech for one of my very early supp…  border has been a big mess and problem for many years.  at some point schumer and pelosi, who are weak on crime…  shouldn’t be hiring judges by the thousands, as our ridiculous immigration laws demand, we should be changing ou…  record optimism!   returning from the great state of minnesota where we had an incredible rally with 9,000 people, and at least 1…  you duluth, minnesota.  together, we are making america great again!   sorry, people wanting to get into the already packed arena - i love you all!   landed in duluth, minnesota.  two events planned - looking forward to them and being with @petestauber and his wonderful family! don’t worry, the republicans, and your president, will fix it!   what fake abc news put out.  i guess they had it prepared from the 13 angry democrats leading the witch hunt! …  a great meeting with the house gop last night at the capitol.  they applauded and laughed loudly when i mentione…  records!  #maga  @pastordscott: once the mid terms are over, liberals won’t talk about detained or separated illegal immigrant children until 2020.  #itsa…rt @globalgolfpost: the golf world has lost a legend in five-time open ch winner peter thomson.  read:  h…“fbi texts have revealed anti-trump bias. ” @foxnews  big news, but the fake news doesn’t want to cover.  total corru…  @erictrump: it is hard to believe that the historic north korea / kim jong un summit was exactly one week ago.  truly amazing to see the…it’s the democrats fault, they won’t give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation.  they want open…  fake news is not mentioning the safety and security of our country when talking about illegal immigration.  our…  you @housegop!   today, @flotus melania and i were honored to welcome king felipe vi and queen letizia of spain to the…  security @secnielsen did a fabulous job yesterday at the press conference explaining security at the borde…  want to take a moment to address the current illegal immigration crisis on the southern borderit has been goin…  you @nfib!  #nfib75  me tomorrow in duluth, minnesota for a #maga rally!  tickets:     now is the best opportunity ever for congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigr…  must always arrest people coming into our country illegally.  of the 12,000 children, 10,000 are being sent by th…  are the problem.  they don’t care about crime and want illegal immigrants, no matter how bad they may be,…  you don’t have borders, you don’t have a country! crime in germany is up 10% plus officials do not want to report these crimes since migrants were accepted.  others…  can’t think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their…  gave strozk his marching orders.  mueller is comey’s best friend.  witch hunt! if president obama who got nowhere with north korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people b…  is the democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with boarder security and crime.  tell them to start thinki…  the laws! children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country.  has anyone been lo…  don’t want what is happening with immigration in europe to happen with us! the people of germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous berlin coali…  don’t the democrats give us the votes to fix the world’s worst immigration laws?  where is the outcry for the ki…  highest level of bias i’ve ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer. ” trey gowdy on the fbi’s own, peter…  democrats should get together with their republican counterparts and work something out on border security & sa…  was the fbi’s sick loser, peter strzok, working on the totally discredited mueller team of 13 angry & conflicte…  was the fbi giving so much information to the fake news media.  they are not supposed to be doing that, and know…  @whitehouse: happy father's day!   hunt!  there was no russian collusion.  oh, i see, there was no russian collusion, so now they look for obstruc…  @realdonaldtrump: the ig report totally destroys james comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, peter strzok and lisa pa…rt @realdonaldtrump: my supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history…rt @realdonaldtrump: democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the border by working with republicans on new legislation, for a chan…rt @realdonaldtrump: i’ve had to beat 17 very talented people including the bush dynasty, then i had to beat the clinton dynasty, and now i…washington post employees want to go on strike because bezos isn’t paying them enough.  i think a really long strike…  economy is perhaps better than it has ever been.  companies doing really well, and moving back to america, and j…  denuclearization deal with north korea is being praised and celebrated all over asia.  they are so happy!  over h…  back the “war games” during the negotiations was my request because they are very expensive and set a bad l…  how the fake news, in a coordinated effort with each other, likes to say i gave sooo much to north korea beca…  henninger of the wall street journal: “this ig report makes it clear, as did rod rosenstein’s memo, that tru…  clear up the fake news!   schumer said “the summit was what the texans call all cattle and no hat. ” thank you chuck, but are you sure y…  @whitehouse: “americans must demand their lawmakers support the legislation we need to defeat ms-13 once and for all, and to ensure ever…the ig report totally destroys james comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, peter strzok and lisa…  supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries hist…  can fix their forced family breakup at the border by working with republicans on new legislation, for a c…  @realdonaldtrump: the democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda.  any…great discussions with european union commission president jean-claude juncker and eu council president donald tusk…  fake news media said that i did not get along with other leaders at the #g7summit in canada.  they are once agai…  have a great relationship with angela merkel of germany, but the fake news media only shows the bad photos imply…  had to beat 17 very talented people including the bush dynasty, then i had to beat the clinton dynasty, and no…  what a tough sentence for paul manafort, who has represented ronald reagan, bob dole and many other top politi…  democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda.  a…  trump was 100% right to fire james comey. ” mark levinrt @foxandfriends: ig report bombshell: anti-trump fbi agent peter strzok texted his lover lisa page we'll stop trump from becoming presi…rt @foxandfriends: doj ig report finds that an fbi lawyer told a bureau employee “viva le resistance” after president trump was elected htt…rt @foxandfriends: “this is one of the most damning rebukes of the fbi that i think we’ve ever seen. ” -@jasoninthehouse  @foxandfriends: . @jasoninthehouse: the doj ig report is 562 pages of nothing but bias and animus  @foxandfriends: . @jasoninthehouse: anything mueller is doing with his investigation is tainted by the anti-trump fbi agents  @foxandfriends: . @jasoninthehouse: all of this started because hillary clinton set up her private server  in the world didn’t barack obama fire this guy comey? ” asks mark levin! wow, the highest rated by far morning show, @foxandfriends, is on the front lawn of the white house.  maybe i’ll h…  jobs numbers are the best in 44 years.  if my opponent the democrats had won the election, they would have…  you for all of the compliments on getting the world cup to come to the u. s. a. , mexico and canada.  i worked ha…  ig report is a total disaster for comey, his minions and sadly, the fbi.  comey will now officially go down as t…  agent peter strzok, who headed the clinton & russia investigations, texted to his lover lisa page, in the ig re…  #flagday🇺🇸  243rd birthday to the @usarmy!  thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, and dedication to the u. s. a.  we love y…  who ran the clinton c in new york, never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case, which…  sleazy new york democrats, and their now disgraced and run out of town a. g.  eric schneiderman, are doing ever…  the democrats make up a phony crime, collusion with the russians, pay a fortune to make the crime sound real, i…  that i am back from singapore, where we had a great result with respect to north korea, the thought process mus…  republican party is starting to show very big numbers.  people are starting to see what is being done.  results a…  to @kevincramer on his huge win in north dakota.  we need kevin in the senate, and i strongly endors…  to danny tarkanian on his big gop primary win in nevada.  danny worked hard an got a great result.  looking good in november! senator claire mccaskill of the great state of missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her rv tour o…  funny to watch the fake news, especially nbc and cnn.  they are fighting hard to downplay the deal with north kor…  prices are too high, opec is at it again.  not good! the u. s. , together with mexico and canada, just got the world cup.  congratulations - a great deal of hard work! we save a fortune by not doing war games, as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are! before taking office people were assuming that we were going to war with north korea.  president obama said that nor…  landed - a long trip, but everybody can now feel much safer than the day i took office.  there is no longer a n…  to corey stewart for his great victory for senator from virginia.  now he runs against a total stiff…  the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pou…  de niro, a very low iq individual, has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies.  i watch…  political representatives didn’t want me to get involved in the mark sanford primary thinking that sanford would…  year ago the pundits & talking heads, people that couldn’t do the job before, were begging for conciliation and p…  world has taken a big step back from potential nuclear catastrophe!  no more rocket launches, nuclear testing or…  want to thank chairman kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people.  our unpreced…  is no limit to what noko can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce & engagement…  time for another #maga rally.  join me in duluth, minnesota on wednesday, june 20th at 6:30pm! tickets➜…  is the video, “a story of opportunity” that i shared with kim jong-un at the #singaporesummit➡️…  along great with kim jong-un who wants to see wonderful things for his country.  as i said earlier today: any…  back home from singapore after a truly amazing visit.  great progress was made on the denuclearization of no…  sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my c to maga.  he is mia and nothing but trouble.  he is better…  strongly endorse adam laxalt for governor of nevada.  adam is smart, works hard, and knows how to win.  he will be…  @realdonaldtrump: henry mcmaster loves the people of south carolina and was with me from the beginning.  he is strong on crime and border… great larry kudlow, who has been working so hard on trade and the economy, has just suffered a heart attack.  he…  won big supreme court decision on voting!  great news! the fact that i am having a meeting is a major loss for the u. s. , say the haters & losers.  we have our hostages, te…  market up almost 40% since the election, with 7 trillion dollars of u. s.  value built throughout the economy. …  between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly. but in the end, that doesn’t matter.  we w…  you prime minister lee hsien loong!   we cannot let our friends, or enemies, take advantage of us on trade anymore.  we must put the american worker first! great to be in singapore, excitement in the air! . germany pays 1% slowly of gdp towards nato, while we pay 4% of a much larger gdp.  does anybody believe that m…  add to that the fact that the u. s.  pays close to the entire cost of nato-protecting many of these same coun…  should i, as president of the united states, allow countries to continue to make massive trade surpluses, as th…  trade is now to be called fool trade if it is not reciprocal.  according to a canada release, they make almost…  @scavino45: president @realdonaldtrump and the prime minister of italy, @giuseppeconteit at the #g7summit in canada  justin trudeau of canada acted so meek and mild during our @g7 meetings only to give a news conference after i l…  on justin’s false statements at his news conference, and the fact that canada is charging massive tariffs to…  peace and great prosperity for his land.  i look forward to meeting him and have a feeling that this one-tim…  am on my way to singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for north korea and the worl…  united states will not allow other countries to impose massive tariffs and trade barriers on its farmers, worke…  trade.  they fully understand where i am coming from.  after many decades, fair and reciprocal trade will happen! just left the @g7 summit in beautiful canada.  great meetings and relationships with the six country leaders especia…  met the new prime minister of italy, @giuseppeconteit, a really great guy.  he will be honored in washington, a…  mcmaster loves the people of south carolina and was with me from the beginning.  he is strong on crime and bor…  press briefing in charlevoix, canada, prior to departing for singapore!   @g7: day 1 of #g7charlevoix in 60 seconds.   thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were w…  am heading for canada and the g-7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced again…  to the washington capitals on their great play and winning the stanley cup ch alex ovech…  forward to straightening out unfair trade deals with the g-7 countries.  if it doesn’t happen, we come out even better! canada charges the u. s.  a 270%  tariff on dairy products!  they didn’t tell you that, did they?  not fair to our farmers! obama, schumer and pelosi did nothing about north korea, and now weak on crime, high tax schumer is telling me what…  isn’t the european union and canada informing the public that for years they have used massive trade tariffs an…  minister trudeau is being so indignant, bringing up the relationship that the u. s.  and canada had over the ma…  tell prime minister trudeau and president macron that they are charging the u. s.  massive tariffs and create…  day of meetings with prime minister @abeshinzo of japan!   abe and i are also working to improve the trading relationship between the u. s.  and japan, something we have to…  i am greatly honored to welcome my good friend, pm abe of japan to the @whitehouse.  over the past 16 months…  my great honor to welcome prime minister @abeshinzo back to the @whitehouse! 🇺🇸🇯🇵  billion payoff: 101 utilities cut rates, credit gop tax cuts”  jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years”  america great again!   obama administration is now accused of trying to give iran secret access to the financial system of the united…  will people start saying, “thank you, mr.  president, for firing james comey? ”our justice department must not let awan & debbie wasserman schultz off the hook.  the democrat i. t.  scandal is a ke…  forward to seeing my friend prime minister @abeshinzo of japan at noon.  will be discussing north korea and trade. how could jeff flake, who is setting record low polling numbers in arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced o…  and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 angry democrats plus working on the…  dershowitz, harvard law professor: “it all proves that we never needed a special counsel. all of this could…  luck to alice johnson.  have a wonderful life! isn’t it ironic?  getting ready to go to the g-7 in canada to fight for our country on trade we have the worst trad…  you to everyone at @fema hq for today’s briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season.  disaster…  must always protect those who protect us.  today, it was my great honor to sign the #vamissionact and to make vet…  we mark another milestone: the 74th anniversary of #dday, the allied invasion of normandy.  on june 6, 1944, m…  to dana rohrabacher on his big california win.  we are proud of you dana! many more republican voters showed up yesterday than the fake news thought possible.  the political pundits just don…  reporters spotted melania in the white house last week walking merrily along to a meeting.  they never repor…  fake news media has been so unfair, and vicious, to my wife and our great first lady, melania.  during her recov…  star father, ceejay metcalf, whose great son michael was just honored at the white house, was fantastic this m…  night for republicans!  congratulations to john cox on a really big number in california.  he can win.  even fak…  mcconnell announced he will cancel the senate’s august recess.  great, maybe the democrats will finally get so…  greatest witch hunt in political history! this is a level of criminality beyond the pale.  this is such a grave abuse of power and authority, it’s like not…  farrell, judicial watch.  “they were running an operation to undermine a candidate for president of the u. s.  t…  interview by @loudobbs with chris farrell of judicial watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence o…  @parscale: since the #fakenews is full of distortions, underreporting, and lies, we launched a platform tonight presenting a comprehensi…rt @erictrump: #makeamericagreatagain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸  @robbystarbuck: fox news has been #1 for 197 months straight.  in the latest ratings disaster for cnn they lost another 25% of their view…wow, strzok-page, the incompetent & corrupt fbi lovers, have texts referring to a counter-intelligence operation in…  how much wasteful spending we’d save if we didn’t have chuck and nancy standing in our way!  for years, demo…  historic rescissions package we’ve proposed would cut $15,000,000,000 in wasteful spending!  we are getting our government back on track. terrific new book out by the wonderful harris faulkner, “9 rules of engagement. ” harris shares lessons from a military family.  enjoy! senator @rogerwicker of mississippi has done everything necessary to make america great again!  get out and vote for…  for congressman devin nunes, a true american patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day world. …  the vote out in california today for rep.  kevin mccarthy and all of the great gop candidates for congress.  keep…  high tax, high crime california, be sure to get out and vote for republican john cox for governor.  he will make a big difference! separating families at the border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the democrats.  border security laws sho…  and ch @martintruex_jr were recently at the white house.  it was a great day for a great sport! meeting in singapore with north korea will hopefully be the start of something bigwe will soon see! the russian witch hunt hoax continues, all because jeff sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himselfi…  have had many ch teams recently at the white house including the chicago cubs, houston astros, pittsbu…  will proudly be playing the national anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our country today at 3 p. m. , t…  u. s.  has an increased economic value of more than 7 trillion dollars since the election.  may be the best econom…  is taking so long with the inspector general’s report on crooked hillary and slippery james comey.  numerous de…  philadelphia eagles football team was invited to the white house.  unfortunately, only a small number of players…  supreme court ruling for baker just out! in many ways this is the greatest economy in the history of america and the best time ever to look for a job! the fake news media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep…  of american greatness:   appointment of the special counsel is totally unconstitutional!  despite that, we play the game because i, unlik…  have not been doing well for 15 years.  mexico, canada, china and others have treated them unfairly.  by the…  u. s.  has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only win! china already charges a tax of 16% on soybeans.  canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our agricultural products.  not acceptable! as has been stated by numerous legal scholars, i have the absolute right to pardon myself, but why would i do that…  is the best time ever to look for a job. ” james freeman of wsj. . we had repeal & replace done and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars except for one person, but…  is my 500th.  day in office and we have accomplished a lot - many believe more than any president in his first…  penn  “why are there people from the clinton foundation on the mueller staff?  why is there an independent coun…  manafort came into the c very late and was with us for a short period of time he represented ronal…  only one of two people left who could become president, why wouldn’t the fbi or department of “justice” have tol…  watters “the only thing trump obstructed was hillary getting to the white house. ”  so true! when you’re almost 800 billion dollars a year down on trade, you can’t lose a trade war!  the u. s.  has been ripped o…  @clewandowski_: looking forward to being on @foxandfriends tomorrow around 7:45 am on @foxnews.  hope you watch. rt @foxandfriends: 223,000 jobs added in may, even the nyt runs out of words to describe how good the numbers are!   @jessebwatters: the media had it's worst week ever!  @charliekirk11 and @joeconchatv break it down on @wattersworld  is it that the wall street journal, though well meaning, never mentions the unfairness of the tariffs routinely…  united states must, at long last, be treated fairly on trade.  if we charge a country zero to sell their goods,…  was no collusion with russia except by the democrats.  when will this very expensive witch hunt hoax ever en…  @foxnews is doing great, fake news cnn is dead!   surprised that china would be doing this?   @kimkardashian: i would like to thank president trump for his time this afternoon.  it is our hope that the president will grant clemency…now this is a record that will never be broken!   million spent, it’s a scam investigation.  americans are being worked.  we now know there was russian collus…  brennan, no single figure in american history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this…  ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are. ”  neil irwin of the @nytimes. today, it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the united states coast guard!   @foxnews: president @realdonaldtrump participates in the u. s.  coast guard [@uscg] change-of-command ceremony.   has treated our agricultural business and farmers very poorly for a very long period of time.  highly restric…  forward to seeing the employment numbers at 8:30 this morning. why aren’t they firing no talent samantha bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show?  a total doubl…  has just reported that the russian hoax investigation has now cost our government over $17 million, and going…  trade! rt @secpompeo: the proposed summit offers a historic opening for @potus and chairman kim to boldly lead u. s.  and #dprk into a new era of pe…will be giving a full pardon to dinesh d’souza today.  he was treated very unfairly by our government! very good meetings with north korea. not that it matters but i never fired james comey because of russia!  the corrupt mainstream media loves to keep pus…  corrupt mainstream media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people, spies informants, int…  where is my call of apology?  you and abc have offended millions of people, and they demand a response.  how is…  @ap_politics: trump set to promote youth sports, wants such activities to be more accessible to economically disadvantaged children: htt…rt @dougmillsnyt: children race as @realdonaldtrump looks on with @ivankatrump and new york yankees legend mariano rivera they as they part…rt @ivankatrump: today @potus hosted #fieldday at the @whitehouse with the announced president’s council on sports, fitness and nutrition. …rt @herschelwalker: what an awesome day in d. c.  participating @whitehouse sports & fitness day with @ivankatrump @potus @mistymaytreanor @m…rush limbaugh  “if the fbi was so concerned, and if they weren’t targeting trump, they should have told trump.  if t…  recusal of jeff sessions was an unforced betrayal of the president of the united states. ” joe digenova, former u. s.  attorney. rt @scavino45: president trump kisses jordan mclinn, who suffers from duchenne muscular dystrophy dmd, after signing the #righttotry act…the soon to be released book, “the russia hoax, the illicit scheme to clear hillary clinton and frame donald trump,…  importantly, @repdandonovan will win for the republicans in novemberand his opponent will not.  remember ala…  is no one better to represent the people of n. y.  and staten island a place i know very well than…  meeting with @kimkardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing.   ago, it was my great honor to sign #righttotry into law!    the #righttotry law i signed today, patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to exper…  i am proud to keep another promise to the american people as i sign the #righttotry legislation into law.   iger of abc called valerie jarrett to let her know that “abc does not tolerate comments like those” made by ros…  failing and corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people,” when in fact it was many times th…  are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else! ” and i wish i did! . chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way i’m not going to be able to participate i…  gowdy, “i don’t think so, i think what the president is doing is expressing frustration that attorney gene…  fake mainstream media has, from the time i announced i was running for president, run the most highly sophistic…  i’ve got to start focusing my energy on north korea nuclear, bad trade deals, va choice, the economy, rebuil…  aren’t the 13 angry and heavily conflicted democrats investigating the totally crooked c of totally croo…  13 angry democrats plus people who worked 8 years for obama working on the rigged russia witch hunt, will be…  investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about.  it wasn’t just a wiretap agains…  have put a great team together for our talks with north korea.  meetings are currently taking place concerning su…  mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from obama’s term showing children from the border in steel cages.  they th…  has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime, high tax, problems - along with s…  democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to repeal the gop tax cuts no chance.  this is too good to be true fo…  fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny.  they saved the lives of the men a…  heroes who rest in these hallowed fields, in cemeteries, battlefields, and burial grounds near and far are draw…  you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance.  we are gathered here on the sacred soil of…  now find out that the obama administration put the opposing c presidential candidate, or his c  yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the justice dept.  i find her actions to be really…  president deserves some answers. ” @foxnews in discussing “spygate. ”happy memorial day!  those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is d…   didn’t president obama do something about the so-called russian meddling when he was told about it by the fbi b…  united states team has arrived in north korea to make arrangements for the summit between kim jong un and mysel…  didn’t the 13 angry democrats investigate the c of crooked hillary clinton, many crimes, much collusion…  to have 400,000 great men & women of rolling thunder in d. c.  showing their patriotism.  they love our coun…  going to give back the young and beautiful lives and others that have been devastated and destroyed by the…  home josh!   will the 13 angry democrats & those who worked for president o, reveal their disqualifying conflicts of inte…  whole russia probe is rigged.  just an excuse as to why the dems and crooked hillary lost the election and stat…  spies, or “informants” as the democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister but it’s not, all…  failing @nytimes quotes “a senior white house official,” who doesn’t exist, as saying “even if the meeting were…  what the failing and corrupt new york times would like people to believe, there is zero disagreement within…  to very brave teacher & hero jason seaman of noblesville, indiana, for his heroic act in saving so many prec…  forward to seeing joshua holt this evening in the white house.  the great people of utah are celebrating! put pressure on the democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross th…  news about the release of the american hostage from venezuela.  should be landing in d. c.  this evening and be i…  are having very productive talks with north korea about reinstating the summit which, if it does happen, will li…  complain and obstruct.  they made only bad deals iran and their so-called trade deals are the laughing stock of the world! senator schumer and obama administration let phone company zte flourish with no security checks.  i closed it down t…  to watch the democrats criticize trade deals being negotiated by me when they don’t even know what the deals…  police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just won’t let them…  the @navalacademy class of 2018, i say: we know you are up to the task.  we know you will make us proud.  we know…  behalf of the american people, congratulations!  we love you!   it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 commencement address at the united states @navalacademy in annapol…  good news to receive the warm and productive statement from north korea.  we will soon see where it will lead,…  are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with north korea.  just like they are coming to th…  knows there was a spy, and in fact the people who were involved in the spying are admitting that there wa…  anyone even imagine having spies placed in a competing c by the people and party in absolute power, for…  democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an informant placed in an opposing party’s c i…  @realdonaldtrump: not surprisingly, the great men & women of the fbi are starting to speak out against comey, mccabe and all of the poli…rt @scavino45: last week after visiting flotus melania, potus trump went to visit wounded heroes at walter reed medical center.  he told the…rt @scavino45: today, president trump issued an executive grant of clemency full pardon posthumously to john arthur “jack” johnson, the f…rt @scavino45: cc: @potus @realdonaldtrump  @scavino45: today, @potus @realdonaldtrump welcomed 106-year-old pearl harbor veteran ray chavez of poway, california to the @whitehouse…today, it was my great honor to present the #medalofhonor to @usnavy seal master chief special warfare operator b…  it was my honor to sign #s2155, the economic growth, regulatory relief, and consumer protection act. ” read…  have decided to terminate the planned summit in singapore on june 12th.  while many things can happen and a great…  was my great honor to host a roundtable re: ms-13 yesterday in bethpage, new york.  democrats must abandon their…  i was forced to cancel the summit meeting in singapore with kim jong un.   surprisingly, the great men & women of the fbi are starting to speak out against comey, mccabe and all of the p…  has now admitted that there was spying in my c large dollars were paid to the spy, far beyond norma…  be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 6:00 a. m.  enjoy! great to be in new york for the day.  heading back to the @whitehouse now, lots of work to be done!   you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in bethpage, new york.  keep up the gre…  loopholes in our laws have enabled ms-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities -…  on long island, we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the ha…  you @sbalist!  #sbagala  hunt! there will be big news coming soon for our great american autoworkers.  after many decades of losing your jobs to ot…  legislation will be signed by me shortly.  after many years, right to try and big changes to dodd frank. our trade deal with china is moving along nicely, but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure…  should be happy that the fbi was spying on his c no, james clapper, i am not happy.  spying on a c  is with tomi lahren, a truly outstanding and respected young woman!  @foxandfriendsspygate could be one of the biggest political scandals in history! “it’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the trump c judge andrew napolitanolook how things have turned around on the criminal deep state.  they go after phony collusion with russia, a made up…   “new bombshell in the obama spying scandal.  did other agencies spy on trump c even clapper…  the money!  the spy was there early in the c and yet never reported collusion with russia, because…  the person placed very early into my c wasn’t a spy put there by the previous administration for politica…  the first time since roe v.  wade, america has a pro-life president, a pro-life vice president, a pro-life house…  was my honor to welcome @nascar cup series ch @martintruex_jr and his team to the @whitehouse yesterday!   it was my great honor to welcome president moon jae-in of the republic of korea to the @whitehouse! 🇺🇸🇰🇷  the great governor of arkansas, is in a primary tomorrow.  he has done an incredible job with a foc…  our potential deal with china, they will purchase from our great american farmers practically as much as our farmers can produce. the wall street journal asks, “where in the world was barack obama? ”  a very good question! they then used to start an investigation about trump.  it is that simple.  this guy is the genesis of this whole d…  of the fbi.  brennan started this entire debacle about president trump.  we now know that brennan had detaile…  brennan is panicking.  he has disgraced himself, he has disgraced the country, he has disgraced the entire int…  must continue to be strong & tight on the border of north korea until a deal is made.  the word is that recent…  china, barriers and tariffs to come down for first time. china has agreed to buy massive amounts of additional farm/agricultural products - would be one of the best things…  ask senator chuck schumer, why didn’t president obama & the democrats do something about trade with china, includ…  hereby demand, and will do so officially tomorrow, that the department of justice look into whether or not the fb…  @erictrump: it is emotional day being back at @stjude in celebration of our dear friend colin!  he was a beautiful child who we will all…the witch hunt finds no collusion with russia - so now they’re looking at the rest of the world.  oh’ great! . and why hasn’t the podesta brother been charged and arrested, like others, after being forced to close down his…  ever happened to the server, at the center of so much corruption, that the democratic national committee refus…  that the witch hunt has given up on russia and is looking at the rest of the world, they should easily be able…  the hillary clinton c where she deleted 33,000 emails, got $145,000,000 while secretary of state, paid…  what point does this soon to be $20,000,000 witch hunt, composed of 13 angry and heavily conflicted democrat…  are really getting ridiculous.  the failing and crooked but not as crooked as hillary clinton @nytimes has…  the fbi or doj was infiltrating a c for the benefit of another c that is a really big deal.  only…  to have our incredible first lady back home in the white house.  melania is feeling and doing really well.  tha…  #armedforcesday to our great military men and women for their selfless service to our nation!   @realdonaldtrump: we grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in…america is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance, including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal…  finally deserves a great governor, one who understands borders, crime and lowering taxes.  john cox is th…  met with un secretary-general antónio guterres who is working hard to “make the united nations great again. ” w…  is a nation that believes in the power of redemption.  america is a nation that believes in second chances -…  @steveforbesceo: . @realdonaldtrump speech on drug costs pays immediate dividends.  new @amgen drug lists at 30% less than expected.  middl…we grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack…  shooting in texas.  early reports not looking good.  god bless all! reports are there was indeed at least one fbi representative implanted, for political purposes, into my c fo…  isn’t disgraced fbi official andrew mccabe being investigated for the $700,000 crooked hillary democrats in vir…  news media had me calling immigrants, or illegal immigrants, “animals. ” wrong!  they were begrudgingly forced t…  the doj put a spy in the trump c this has never been done before and by any means necessary, th…  @whitehouse: #laurel?  #yanny?  or  was my great honor to visit with our heroes last night at walter reed medical center.  there is nobody like them!   the house will vote on a strong farm bill, which includes work requirements.  we must support our nation’s great farmers! great talk with my friend president mauricio macri of argentina this week.  he is doing such a good job for argentin…  trade with the vice premier of the people’s republic of china, liu he.   to our new cia director, gina haspel!   to the house for passing the va mission act yesterday.  without this funding our veterans will be forced to…  the disgusting, illegal and unwarranted witch hunt, we have had the most successful first 17 month administ…  word seems to be coming out that the obama fbi “spied on the trump c with an embedded informant. ” andre…  america, we are now into the second year of the greatest witch hunt in american historyand there…  haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the cia.  she is exceptionally qualified and th…  voted against the massive tax cut bill.  he’s also weak on borders and crime.  sadly, our great military and v…  barletta will be a great senator for pennsylvania but his opponent, bob casey, has been a do-nothing senator wh…  it was my great honor to welcome president mirziyoyev of uzbekistan to the @whitehouse!   votes today on choice/mission act.  who will stand with our great vets, caregivers, and veterans service organ…  even started yet!  the u. s.  has very little to give, because it has given so much over the years.  china has much to give! we have not seen china’s demands yet, which should be few in that previous u. s.  administrations have done so poo…  washington post and cnn have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with china.  nothing h…  to deb fischer.  the people of nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box!  #magacongratulations to lou barletta of pennsylvania.  he will be a great senator and will represent his people well - li…  you to the washington examiner and @cortessteve on the great article - on winning!    is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year – the day we pay tribute to the law enforcement…  - make sure you get out to the polls and vote for deb fischer today!   you believe that with all of the made up, unsourced stories i get from the fake news media, together with the…  negotiations are continuing with china.  they have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the…  great first lady is doing really well.  will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days.  thank you for so much love and support! rt @scavino45: “job openings hit record high of 6. 6 million”  @scavino45: “trump is putting the us back on top”  over to walter reed medical center to see our great first lady, melania.  successful procedure, she is in go…  so-called leaks coming out of the white house are a massive over  exaggeration put out by the fake news media i…  the large chinese phone company, buys a big percentage of individual parts from u. s.  companies.  this is also r…   day for israel.  congratulations! u. s.  embassy opening in jerusalem will be covered live on @foxnews & @foxbusiness.  lead up to 9:00 a. m.  eastern e…  sad to see the terror attack in paris.  at some point countries will have to open their eyes & see what is really…  how badly iran was behaving with the iran deal in place.  they were trying to take over the middle east by…  and the united states are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in fav…  xi of china, and i, are working together to give massive chinese phone company, zte, a way to get back in…  mother’s day! ! !   senate should get funding done before the august break, or not go home.  wall and border security should be incl…  military budget is up more than 40% since the obama negotiated nuclear deal was reachedjust another indic…  korea has announced that they will dismantle nuclear test site this month, ahead of the big summit meeting on…  doesn’t the fake news media state that the trump administration’s anti-trust division has been, and is, opposed…  week next week when the american embassy in israel will be moved to jerusalem.  congratulations to all! the american people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them – not one that takes advantage of them.  we… 